in these dark waters drawn up from my frozen well glittering of spring standing still at dusk listen in far distances the song of froglings! in silent midnight our old scarecrow topples down weird hollow echo women planting rice ugly every bit about them but their ancient song wild geese write a line flap flapping across the sky comical dutch script dead my old fine hopes and dry my dreaming but still iris, blue each spring in this windy nest open your hungry mouth now in vain my stepchild ballet in the air twin butterflies until, twice white they meet, they mate black cloud bank broken scatters in the night now see moon lighted mountains! seek on high bare trails sky-reflecting violets mountaintop jewels for a lovely bowl let us arrange these flowers since there is no rice now that eyes of hawks in dusky night are darkened chirping of the quails my two plum trees are so gracious see, they flower one now, one later one fallen flower returning to the branch? oh no! a white butterfly cloudbank curling low? ah! the mountain yoshino cherry cumulus! fie! this fickle world! three days neglected cherry- branch and you are bare hanging the lantern on that full white blooming bough exquisite your care! april's air stirs in willow-leaves a butterfly floats and balances in the sea surf edge mingling with bright small seashells bush clover petals a gate made all of twigs, woven grass for hinges for a lock this snail describe plum blossoms? better than my verses, white wordless butterflies arise from sleep, cat, and with great yawns and stretchings amble out for love white cloud of mist above white cherry blossoms dawn shining mountains in the city fields contemplating cherry trees strangers are like friends green shadow dances see our young banana tree pattering the screen twilight whippoorwill whistle on sweet deepener of dark loneliness reciting scriptures strange the wondrous blue i find in morning glories many solemn nights blond moon, we stand and marvel sleeping our noons away mountain rose petals falling, falling, falling now waterfall music amorous cat, alas you too must yowl with your love or even worse, without! the laden wagon runs bumbling and creaking down three peonies tremble ah me! i am one who spends his little breakfast morningglory gazing my good father raged when i snapped the peony precious memory! by that fallen house the pear tree stands full blooming an ancient battle site in the open shop paperweights on picture books young springtime breezes dim the grey cow comes mooing mooing and mooing from the morning mist take the round flat moon snap this twig for a handle what a pretty fan! seas are wild tonight stretching over the island silent clouds of stars why so scrawny, cat? starving for fat fish or mice or a backyard love? dewdrop, let me cleanse here in your brief sweet waters these dark hands of life ashes my burnt hut but wonderful the cherry blooming on my hill glorious the moon therefore our thanks dark clouds come to rest our necks what a peony demanding to be measured by my little fan! under cherry trees soup, the salad, fish and all seasoned with petals now from cherry trees millions of maidens flying from fierce warlord storm moon so bright for love! come closer, quilt and enfold my passionate cold! curious flower watching us pass, met its death our hungry donkey cloud of cherry bloom tolling twilight bell temple ueno? asakura? a nursemaid scarecrow frightening the wind and sun from playing baby a saddening world: flowers whose sweet blooms must fall as we too, alas describe plum blossoms? better than my verses white wordless butterflies lend me water please? some fresh young morning glory, careless took my well you stupid scarecrow! under your very stick-feet birds are stealing beans! in the farther field scarecrow kept me company walking as i walked pretty butterflies watch out for pine needle points in this gusty wind! unrequited love! elevate your chin and keen tom-cat, to the moon! hi! kids mimicking cormorants you are more like cormorants than they! buzzing the bee trades peony for peony with the butterfly such utter silence! even the crickets singing muffled by hot rocks far across low mist intermittently the lake lifts a snow-white sail a white swan swimming parting with her unmoved breast cherry-petaled pond for a cool evening i hired the old temple porch penny in the dish quite a hundred gourds sprouting from the fertile soul of a single vine swallow in the dusk spare my little buzzing friends among the flowers old dark sleepy pool quick unexpected frog goes plop! a watersplash! my shadowy path i've swept all day and now oh no! a camellia shower! hard the beggar's bed but sociable and busy with insect-talking over the mountain bright the full white moon now smiles on the flower good friend grasshopper will you play the caretaker for my little grave? a lost child crying stumbling over the dark fields catching the fireflies the snake departed but the little eyes that glared dew, shining in grass darting dragonfly pull off its shiny wings, look: bright red pepper pod! bright red pepper pod it needs but shiny wings, look: darting dragonfly! mirror-pond of stars suddenly a summer shower dimples the water sadness at twilight villain! i have let my hand cut that peony in dim dusk and scent a witness now half hidden evenfall orchid now be a good boy take good care of our house cricket my child wake! the sky is light! let us to the road again friendly butterfly! now my loneliness following the bright fireworks look! a falling star! stupid hot melons rolling like fat idiots out from leafy shade! for morning-glories i can foresee grave danger single-stick practice! can't it get away from the sticky pine branches cicada singing? silent the old town the scent of flowers floating and evening bell vendor of bright fans carrying his pack of breeze suffocating heat! voices of two bells that speak from twilight temples ah! cool dialogue deep in dark forest a woodcutter's axe talking and a woodcutter peony petal fell in silent dawn spilling a water jewel in the twilight rain these brilliant-hued hibiscus a lovely sunset open mouth reveals your whole wet interior silly hollow frog! butterfly asleep folded soft on temple bell then the bronze gong rang! good evening breeze! crooked and meandering your homeward journey see the morning breeze ruffling his so silky hair cool caterpillar oh lucky beggar! bright heaven and cool earth your summer outfit flower in the stream thus too my life must end like another flower i am going out be good and play together my cricket children not a voice or stir darkness lies on fields and streets sad: the moon has set lady butterfly perfumes her wings by floating over the orchid if strangers threaten turn into fat green bullfrogs pond-cooling melons yellow evening sun long shadow of the scarecrow reaches to the road a camellia dropped down into still waters of a deep dark well for the emperor himself he won't lift his hat a stiff-backed scarecrow in the holy dusk nightingales begin their psalm good! the dinner gong! live in simple faith just as this trusting cherry flowers, fades, and falls night is bright with stars silly woman, whimpering: shall i light the lamp? black desolate moor i bow before the buddha lighted in thunder dirty bathwater where can i pour you?  insects singing in the grass wee bitter cricket crying all this sunny day or is he laughing? a short summer night but in this solemn darkness one peony bloomed long the summer day patterns on the ocean sand our idle footprints angry i strode home but stooping in my garden calm old willow tree oh do not swat them unhappy flies forever wringing their thin hands see the heavy leaf on the silent windless day falls of its own will rash tomcat lover careless even of that rice stuck in your whiskers moon so bright for love! hear the farmer by that light flailing at his rice! now the swinging bridge is quieted with creepers like our tendrilled life dancing in my silks money tossed itself away pretty, this paper dress! the sea darkening oh voices of the wild ducks crying, whirling, white white moth, flutter off: fly back into my breast now quickly, my own soul! nine times arising to see the moon whose solemn pace marks just midnight do your worst, old frost you can no longer wound me -last chrysanthemum pebbles shining clear, and clear six silent fishes deep autumn water a bright autumn moon in the shadow of each grass an insect chirping here, where a thousand captains swore grand conquest tall grass their monument yellow autumn moon unimpressed the scarecrow stands simply looking bored white chrysanthemum before that perfect flower scissors hesitate cruel autumn wind cutting to the very bones of my poor scarecrow now in late autumn look, on my old rubbish heap blue morning glory a single cricket chirps, chirps, chirps, and is still my candle sinks and dies fireworks ended and spectators gone away and now how vast and dark! two ancient pine trees pair of gnarled and sturdy hands with ten green fingers i must turn over beware of local earthquakes bedfellow cricket! oh! i ate them all and oh! what a stomach ache green stolen apples now in sad autumn as i take my darkening path a solitary bird at our last parting bending between boat and shore that weeping willow at furue in rain gray water and gray sand a picture without lines oh sorry tom cat bigger blacker knights of love have knocked you out! the old fisherman unalterably intent cold evening rain while i turned my head that traveler i'd just passed melted into mist visiting the graves trotting on to show the way old family dog will we meet again here at your flowering grave two white butterflies? so enviable maple-leaves most glorious contemplating death shocking the red of lacquered fingernails against white chrysanthemum dry cheerful cricket chirping, keeps the autumn gay scornful of the frost deepen, drop, and die many-hued chrysanthemums one black earth for all before boiled chestnuts cross-legged lad is squatting carved wooden buddha defeated in fray by bigger battlers for love tom cat seeks a mouse asking for their road seven yellow bamboo hats all turned together torches! come and see the burglar i have captured oh! my eldest son! autumn mosquitoes buzz me, bite me see, i am long prepared for death nice: wild persimmons and notice how the mother eats the bitter parts gray marsh and black cloud flapping in autumn rain last old slow heron first white snow of fall just enough to bend the leaves of faded daffodils what a gorgeous one that fat sleek huge old chestnut i could not get at none broke the silence nor visitor nor host nor white chrysanthemum if you were silent flight of herons on dark sky oh! autumn snowflakes! chilling autumn rain the moon, too bright for showers, slips from their fingers rainy month, dripping on and on as i lie abed ah, old man's memories! november sunrise uncertain, the cold storks stand bare sticks in water from dark windy hills voice driving weary horses shouting of the storm slanting lines of rain on the dusty samisen a mouse is trotting oh former renter i know it all, all down to the deep cold you felt lonely umbrella passing the house at twilight first snow  falling soft carven gods long gone dead leaves alone foregather on the temple porch five or six of us remain, huddled together bent old willow trees plume of pampas grass trembling in every wind hush, my lonely heart cold first winter rain poor monkey, you too could use a little cape winter rain deepens lichened letters on the grave and my old sadness cold winter shower see all the people running across the stone bridge! old weary willows i thought how long the road would be when you were gone no oil to read by i am off to bed  but ah! my moonlit pillow descending seaward far-off mountain waterfall winter nights are still all heaven and earth flowered white obliterate snow unceasing snow considerate dogs stepping off into the snow as i walk the path but when i halted on the windy street at noon snow struck against me call him back! ah no, he's blown from sight already fish-peddler in snow crossing it alone in cold moonlight the brittle bridge echoes my steps such a little child to send to be a priestling icy poverty windy winter rain my silly big umbrella tries walking backward buddha on the hill from your holy nose indeed hangs an icicle this snowy morning that black crow i hate so much but he's beautiful! look at the candle! what a hungry wind it is hunting in the snow! if there were fragrance these heavy snowflakes settling lilies on the rocks ah! i intended never never to grow old listen: new year's bell! snow-swallowed valley: only the winding river black fluent brush stroke roaring winter storm rushing to its utter end ever-sounding sea eleven brave knights canter through the whirling snow not one bends his neck going snow-viewing one by one the walkers vanish whitely falling veils "yes, come in!" i cried but at the windy snow-hung gate knocking still went on see: surviving sons visit the ancestral grave bearded, with bent canes i gave the greetings of the bright new year as though i held a plum branch words on wood tombstones now rotted, unreadable all is forgotten blossoming white caps has snow returned to water, flowering at sea? a far bank of clouds that I let myself pretend are distant mountains faraway cloudbanks that I let myself pretend are distant mountains in hills near Honshu sharply-edged temple archways cut round-bellied trees tombstones tilt forward as if through long acquaintance yearn to join the dead by the dying fire dogs twist and curl into balls content just to be a flooding river banks unseen, water foaming, invades a forest a jagged bat dance in the Atsuta twilight: spots before old eyes wisteria blooms an arbor of hanging grapes wine for bees and wasps the fields harvested a sake jug pay enough for a man like me the swift moon racing the branches still holding rain a chorus of frogs here in my dark hut a square of light from the moon like frost on the ground the night still and clear the dock floating in blackness my feet in the moon awakened at night: a hound bays, the moon ignores the owl says nothing a break in the clouds the moon a bright mountaintop distant and aloof white horse tied to fence were the old man's directions for finding his farm words on stone tombstone now weathered shallow trenches like worm tracks on sand thunder and lightning the shaking hut not so bad as the shaking dog just after noontime cows wade in a shadeless pond and start bellowing cat on tall bookcase do you think I don't see you or your flicking tail? in the world outside, is it harvest time for rice? girls with muddy feet a ruined treehouse memories of days long past the world bathed in sun in mountain twilight hills become just faint gray clouds drifting off in waves beneath a tree branch in a gap just large enough the lantern moon hangs gritty windblown dust: such a strange harbinger of driving sheets of rain like a thing alive rusted gate screeches open even things feel pain rusted gate opens screeching like a thing alive voicing displeasure bamboo shoots and my childhood dreams of the forest entwine at my feet the fragrance of plums: carrying me back to home childhood's happy time a sudden tavern not dead yet at journey's end but empty pockets butterflies only fluttering in this warm field a flower banquet taro leaves and twigs awaiting the slow moonrise on the black burnt field there near the roadside an innkeeper bent and gray pipe smoke on the wind a moon in the pond a moon in the pond-like sky and me in between ginger simmers with vinegar in hot steel wok dumplings rolled beside moss-covered boulder heavy roots in piles of leaves a stop in the woods a dead leaf stirring crescendo high in the pines the storm-front arrives a lowering sky geese arrow skims the treeline far off to the west dry and light as air the pages of an old book it smells of reading samuri charges bearded face full of fury swordhand full of death white plate with tuna seared lightly in vinegar pink sake fills cup white plate and white cup tuna seared in vinegar sake pink and chilled in autumn twilight a scarecrow sags on his pole the crows now at roost castle in valley like a feudal fairytale of Inuyasha clouds in the distance for a moment I believe I see blue mountains green pine and blue sky like a match made in heaven white cloud is welcome Dimming of old eyes Like a veil transcending day heralding the night a break in the trees an ocean of fields spreads out below the hill's crest a sharp shovel thrust the half-ends of worms and grubs food for the sapling white sails and white clouds: my far-away horizon, is their here and now white sails and white clouds strung out on the horizon change their shapes and go green curls over and white falls under boom boom boom on the sun-bright sand a rotting pumpkin collapsed and covered in flies eases back to earth at the fall of night: a branch scratching the window: time to bar the door there is such a thing as the pressure of darkness just before the dawn stick-end breaks water then suddenly vanishes a turtle sighting boughs rub together: the legs of giant crickets calling for a mate? a windfall apple a man with merging eyebrows never trust these two oh great blue heron, picket of the spirit world, guard my pond today the still summer pond willow tendrils caress it like a lover's face a sunny hillside and look! blueberry bushes! even the dog eats them from out of nowhere wandering clouds give brief rest to moon-beholders in the bright blue sky a pale moon, a spirit moon looking out of place And now I see them coming through the stormy woods making good speed.  Wolves. Oranged-tinged granite lines the tea-colored river in great southern land this cool gentle mist born of thunder and fury underneath the falls temple gongs echo in the hot caressing night just before the rain winter seclusion listening, that evening to rain on the roof forest in winter winds howl in rage and fury with no leaves to blow toward those short trees we saw a hawk descending on a day in spring first autumn morning the mirror I stare into shows my father's face an old silent pond a frog jumps into the pond splash! silence again in the twilight rain these brilliant-hued hibiscus a lovely sunset when the lamp goes out cool stars enter the window this hot evening don't weep, you insects lovers, even stars themselves, given time must part in the bright blue sky a faint moon, a spirit moon, looking out of place in the bright blue sky a faint moon, a spirit moon searching for the night in the bright blue sky: a spirit moon, pale and lost, searching for the night the tree cut in Spring dawn breaks so much earlier at my small window a splash in the pond bugs once floating in the moon now supper for trout all heaven and earth flowered white obliterate snow unceasing snow dew evaporates and all our world is but dew so fresh, so fleeting mountain rose petals falling, falling, falling now waterfall music giddy grasshopper take care, do not leap and crush these pearls of dewdrop sick on my journey only my dreams will wander these desolate moors weathered skeleton in windy fields of memory piercing like a knife winter solitude- in a world of one colour the sound of the wind sitting quietly doing nothing yet Spring comes grass grows by itself between our two lives there is also the life of the cherry blossom April's air stirs in willow leaves, a butterfly floats and balances sadly I part from you like a clam torn from its shell I go with autumn awakened at night by sounds of the water jar cracking from the ice nothing in the cry of cicadas suggests they are about to die a field of tall grass: all that remains of dreams of ancient warriors a wintery day from high on my horse I see a frozen shadow the temple bell stops but the sound keeps echoing out of the flowers on this lonely road my horse shies and throws its head white tombstone at night a single dewdrop shining brightly on a rock like a lost diamond the red dragon flies a flowing banner across the dark crimson sky on this winter pond the wild ducks float quietly like dark fallen leaves against the bright moon a broken cedar still stands like me defiant playing hide and seek amongst the cherry blossoms sparrows start my day so hot this dry month all the world bleached like driftwood grain in stark relief flat-bottomed rain clouds glide over distant ridgelines like bellies of snails so hot this dry month squirrels lie flat on pine limbs ignoring their fleas graven images piles of dry spiritless leaves: temple companions a single dewdrop shining brightly on a rock like a lost diamond now that eyes of hawks in dusky night are darkened chirping of the quails a dead leaf stirring crescendo high in the pines the storm-front arrives nothing in the cry of cicadas suggests they are about to die while i turned my head that traveler i'd just passed melted into mist a moon in the pond a moon in the pond-like sky and me in between silent the old town the scent of flowers floating and evening bell on this winter pond the wild ducks float quietly like dark fallen leaves old dark sleepy pool quick unexpected frog goes plop! a watersplash! boughs rub together: the legs of giant crickets calling for a mate? bright red pepper pod it needs but shiny wings, look: darting dragonfly! pretty butterflies watch out for pine needle points in this gusty wind! rash tomcat lover careless even of that rice stuck in your whiskers now in sad autumn as i take my darkening path a solitary bird a single cricket chirps, chirps, chirps, and is still my candle sinks and dies if strangers threaten turn into fat green bullfrogs pond-cooling melons a bright autumn moon in the shadow of each grass an insect chirping describe plum blossoms? better than my verses white wordless butterflies the laden wagon runs bumbling and creaking down three peonies tremble rainy month, dripping on and on as i lie abed ah, old man's memories! this cool gentle mist born of thunder and fury underneath the falls pretty butterflies watch out for pine needle points in this gusty wind! mountain rose petals falling, falling, falling now waterfall music so enviable maple-leaves most glorious contemplating death clouds in the distance for a moment I believe I see blue mountains bright red pepper pod it needs but shiny wings, look: darting dragonfly! one fallen flower returning to the branch? oh no! a white butterfly by the dying fire dogs twist and curl into balls content just to be cruel autumn wind cutting to the very bones of my poor scarecrow in the holy dusk nightingales begin their psalm good! the dinner gong! take the round flat moon snap this twig for a handle what a pretty fan! voices of two bells that speak from twilight temples ah! cool dialogue a camellia dropped down into still waters of a deep dark well in the city fields contemplating cherry trees strangers are like friends in hills near Honshu sharply-edged temple archways cut round-bellied trees winter seclusion listening, that evening to rain on the roof mountain rose petals falling, falling, falling now waterfall music gritty windblown dust: such a strange harbinger of driving sheets of rain beneath a tree branch in a gap just large enough the lantern moon hangs glorious the moon therefore our thanks dark clouds come to rest our necks oh do not swat them unhappy flies forever wringing their thin hands the snake departed but the little eyes that glared dew, shining in grass now in late autumn look, on my old rubbish heap blue morning glory weathered skeleton in windy fields of memory piercing like a knife bright red pepper pod it needs but shiny wings, look: darting dragonfly! castle in valley like a feudal fairytale of Inuyasha oh sorry tom cat bigger blacker knights of love have knocked you out! here, where a thousand captains swore grand conquest tall grass their monument blossoming white caps has snow returned to water, flowering at sea? flat-bottomed rain clouds glide over distant ridgelines like bellies of snails in the bright blue sky a faint moon, a spirit moon, looking out of place white moth, flutter off: fly back into my breast now quickly, my own soul! white chrysanthemum before that perfect flower scissors hesitate ah! i intended never never to grow old listen: new year's bell! silent the old town the scent of flowers floating and evening bell in the bright blue sky a faint moon, a spirit moon, looking out of place oh lucky beggar! bright heaven and cool earth your summer outfit fie! this fickle world! three days neglected cherry- branch and you are bare pebbles shining clear, and clear six silent fishes deep autumn water awakened at night by sounds of the water jar cracking from the ice from out of nowhere wandering clouds give brief rest to moon-beholders in silent midnight our old scarecrow topples down weird hollow echo now that eyes of hawks in dusky night are darkened chirping of the quails all heaven and earth flowered white obliterate snow unceasing snow Dimming of old eyes Like a veil transcending day heralding the night castle in valley like a feudal fairytale of Inuyasha a sharp shovel thrust the half-ends of worms and grubs food for the sapling a windfall apple a man with merging eyebrows never trust these two taro leaves and twigs awaiting the slow moonrise on the black burnt field a lowering sky geese arrow skims the treeline far off to the west cold first winter rain poor monkey, you too could use a little cape pretty butterflies watch out for pine needle points in this gusty wind! green shadow dances see our young banana tree pattering the screen call him back! ah no, he's blown from sight already fish-peddler in snow slanting lines of rain on the dusty samisen a mouse is trotting mirror-pond of stars suddenly a summer shower dimples the water a flooding river banks unseen, water foaming, invades a forest in the farther field scarecrow kept me company walking as i walked gritty windblown dust: such a strange harbinger of driving sheets of rain blossoming white caps has snow returned to water, flowering at sea? good evening breeze! crooked and meandering your homeward journey no oil to read by i am off to bed  but ah! my moonlit pillow dancing in my silks money tossed itself away pretty, this paper dress! mirror-pond of stars suddenly a summer shower dimples the water the fragrance of plums: carrying me back to home childhood's happy time all heaven and earth flowered white obliterate snow unceasing snow a single cricket chirps, chirps, chirps, and is still my candle sinks and dies rainy month, dripping on and on as i lie abed ah, old man's memories! a ruined treehouse memories of days long past the world bathed in sun blossoming white caps has snow returned to water, flowering at sea? graven images piles of dry spiritless leaves: temple companions crossing it alone in cold moonlight the brittle bridge echoes my steps white plate with tuna seared lightly in vinegar pink sake fills cup oh great blue heron, picket of the spirit world, guard my pond today black desolate moor i bow before the buddha lighted in thunder the snake departed but the little eyes that glared dew, shining in grass pretty butterflies watch out for pine needle points in this gusty wind! April's air stirs in willow leaves, a butterfly floats and balances november sunrise uncertain, the cold storks stand bare sticks in water moon so bright for love! come closer, quilt and enfold my passionate cold! a white swan swimming parting with her unmoved breast cherry-petaled pond long the summer day patterns on the ocean sand our idle footprints such utter silence! even the crickets singing muffled by hot rocks first autumn morning the mirror I stare into shows my father's face long the summer day patterns on the ocean sand our idle footprints peony petal fell in silent dawn spilling a water jewel twilight whippoorwill whistle on sweet deepener of dark loneliness now in sad autumn as i take my darkening path a solitary bird mirror-pond of stars suddenly a summer shower dimples the water a break in the clouds the moon a bright mountaintop distant and aloof shocking the red of lacquered fingernails against white chrysanthemum none broke the silence nor visitor nor host nor white chrysanthemum now be a good boy take good care of our house cricket my child old weary willows i thought how long the road would be when you were gone the fragrance of plums: carrying me back to home childhood's happy time from out of nowhere wandering clouds give brief rest to moon-beholders a lowering sky geese arrow skims the treeline far off to the west all heaven and earth flowered white obliterate snow unceasing snow white moth, flutter off: fly back into my breast now quickly, my own soul! in the twilight rain these brilliant-hued hibiscus a lovely sunset why so scrawny, cat? starving for fat fish or mice or a backyard love? dry cheerful cricket chirping, keeps the autumn gay scornful of the frost a sharp shovel thrust the half-ends of worms and grubs food for the sapling the night still and clear the dock floating in blackness my feet in the moon Oranged-tinged granite lines the tea-colored river in great southern land in hills near Honshu sharply-edged temple archways cut round-bellied trees moon so bright for love! come closer, quilt and enfold my passionate cold! white chrysanthemum before that perfect flower scissors hesitate twilight whippoorwill whistle on sweet deepener of dark loneliness a rotting pumpkin collapsed and covered in flies eases back to earth a single dewdrop shining brightly on a rock like a lost diamond a rotting pumpkin collapsed and covered in flies eases back to earth the snake departed but the little eyes that glared dew, shining in grass in dim dusk and scent a witness now half hidden evenfall orchid April's air stirs in willow leaves, a butterfly floats and balances ballet in the air twin butterflies until, twice white they meet, they mate moon so bright for love! hear the farmer by that light flailing at his rice! toward those short trees we saw a hawk descending on a day in spring here, where a thousand captains swore grand conquest tall grass their monument peony petal fell in silent dawn spilling a water jewel the fields harvested a sake jug pay enough for a man like me oh sorry tom cat bigger blacker knights of love have knocked you out! windy winter rain my silly big umbrella tries walking backward amorous cat, alas you too must yowl with your love or even worse, without! deep in dark forest a woodcutter's axe talking and a woodcutter dim the grey cow comes mooing mooing and mooing from the morning mist a lowering sky geese arrow skims the treeline far off to the west glorious the moon therefore our thanks dark clouds come to rest our necks in the farther field scarecrow kept me company walking as i walked for a lovely bowl let us arrange these flowers since there is no rice so enviable maple-leaves most glorious contemplating death castle in valley like a feudal fairytale of Inuyasha now in sad autumn as i take my darkening path a solitary bird wisteria blooms an arbor of hanging grapes wine for bees and wasps toward those short trees we saw a hawk descending on a day in spring giddy grasshopper take care, do not leap and crush these pearls of dewdrop night is bright with stars silly woman, whimpering: shall i light the lamp? a white swan swimming parting with her unmoved breast cherry-petaled pond why so scrawny, cat? starving for fat fish or mice or a backyard love? in the city fields contemplating cherry trees strangers are like friends a jagged bat dance in the Atsuta twilight: spots before old eyes wild geese write a line flap flapping across the sky comical dutch script long the summer day patterns on the ocean sand our idle footprints bamboo shoots and my childhood dreams of the forest entwine at my feet dewdrop, let me cleanse here in your brief sweet waters these dark hands of life first autumn morning the mirror I stare into shows my father's face in these dark waters drawn up from my frozen well glittering of spring flower in the stream thus too my life must end like another flower a short summer night but in this solemn darkness one peony bloomed the sea darkening oh voices of the wild ducks crying, whirling, white white cloud of mist above white cherry blossoms dawn shining mountains now in late autumn look, on my old rubbish heap blue morning glory a break in the clouds the moon a bright mountaintop distant and aloof graven images piles of dry spiritless leaves: temple companions this cool gentle mist born of thunder and fury underneath the falls now in sad autumn as i take my darkening path a solitary bird a dead leaf stirring crescendo high in the pines the storm-front arrives the old fisherman unalterably intent cold evening rain old dark sleepy pool quick unexpected frog goes plop! a watersplash! gritty windblown dust: such a strange harbinger of driving sheets of rain shocking the red of lacquered fingernails against white chrysanthemum flower in the stream thus too my life must end like another flower autumn mosquitoes buzz me, bite me see, i am long prepared for death windy winter rain my silly big umbrella tries walking backward yellow autumn moon unimpressed the scarecrow stands simply looking bored deepen, drop, and die many-hued chrysanthemums one black earth for all don't weep, you insects lovers, even stars themselves, given time must part this cool gentle mist born of thunder and fury underneath the falls in hills near Honshu sharply-edged temple archways cut round-bellied trees there near the roadside an innkeeper bent and gray pipe smoke on the wind standing still at dusk listen in far distances the song of froglings! a windfall apple a man with merging eyebrows never trust these two bamboo shoots and my childhood dreams of the forest entwine at my feet nothing in the cry of cicadas suggests they are about to die forest in winter winds howl in rage and fury with no leaves to blow pretty butterflies watch out for pine needle points in this gusty wind! "yes, come in!" i cried but at the windy snow-hung gate knocking still went on oh do not swat them unhappy flies forever wringing their thin hands call him back! ah no, he's blown from sight already fish-peddler in snow moss-covered boulder heavy roots in piles of leaves a stop in the woods butterflies only fluttering in this warm field a flower banquet in the bright blue sky: a spirit moon, pale and lost, searching for the night my two plum trees are so gracious see, they flower one now, one later women planting rice ugly every bit about them but their ancient song samuri charges bearded face full of fury swordhand full of death night is bright with stars silly woman, whimpering: shall i light the lamp? dry cheerful cricket chirping, keeps the autumn gay scornful of the frost white sails and white clouds: my far-away horizon, is their here and now yellow evening sun long shadow of the scarecrow reaches to the road over the mountain bright the full white moon now smiles on the flower here, where a thousand captains swore grand conquest tall grass their monument words on wood tombstones now rotted, unreadable all is forgotten i gave the greetings of the bright new year as though i held a plum branch butterfly asleep folded soft on temple bell then the bronze gong rang! sick on my journey only my dreams will wander these desolate moors i am going out be good and play together my cricket children at the fall of night: a branch scratching the window: time to bar the door call him back! ah no, he's blown from sight already fish-peddler in snow you stupid scarecrow! under your very stick-feet birds are stealing beans! ashes my burnt hut but wonderful the cherry blooming on my hill a jagged bat dance in the Atsuta twilight: spots before old eyes in the bright blue sky a faint moon, a spirit moon, looking out of place mirror-pond of stars suddenly a summer shower dimples the water April's air stirs in willow leaves, a butterfly floats and balances the fragrance of plums: carrying me back to home childhood's happy time "yes, come in!" i cried but at the windy snow-hung gate knocking still went on cloud of cherry bloom tolling twilight bell temple ueno? asakura? cloudbank curling low? ah! the mountain yoshino cherry cumulus! temple gongs echo in the hot caressing night just before the rain eleven brave knights canter through the whirling snow not one bends his neck a camellia dropped down into still waters of a deep dark well live in simple faith just as this trusting cherry flowers, fades, and falls dewdrop, let me cleanse here in your brief sweet waters these dark hands of life sadly I part from you like a clam torn from its shell I go with autumn winter rain deepens lichened letters on the grave and my old sadness live in simple faith just as this trusting cherry flowers, fades, and falls cloudbank curling low? ah! the mountain yoshino cherry cumulus! do your worst, old frost you can no longer wound me -last chrysanthemum reciting scriptures strange the wondrous blue i find in morning glories white horse tied to fence were the old man's directions for finding his farm considerate dogs stepping off into the snow as i walk the path ballet in the air twin butterflies until, twice white they meet, they mate a moon in the pond a moon in the pond-like sky and me in between such utter silence! even the crickets singing muffled by hot rocks white cloud of mist above white cherry blossoms dawn shining mountains describe plum blossoms? better than my verses, white wordless butterflies yellow evening sun long shadow of the scarecrow reaches to the road green shadow dances see our young banana tree pattering the screen white plate with tuna seared lightly in vinegar pink sake fills cup a jagged bat dance in the Atsuta twilight: spots before old eyes open mouth reveals your whole wet interior silly hollow frog! if you were silent flight of herons on dark sky oh! autumn snowflakes! a break in the trees an ocean of fields spreads out below the hill's crest now from cherry trees millions of maidens flying from fierce warlord storm fie! this fickle world! three days neglected cherry- branch and you are bare here, where a thousand captains swore grand conquest tall grass their monument in the twilight rain these brilliant-hued hibiscus a lovely sunset peony petal fell in silent dawn spilling a water jewel at our last parting bending between boat and shore that weeping willow Oranged-tinged granite lines the tea-colored river in great southern land now from cherry trees millions of maidens flying from fierce warlord storm an old silent pond a frog jumps into the pond splash! silence again white chrysanthemum before that perfect flower scissors hesitate cloudbank curling low? ah! the mountain yoshino cherry cumulus! ah! i intended never never to grow old listen: new year's bell! stupid hot melons rolling like fat idiots out from leafy shade! sadness at twilight villain! i have let my hand cut that peony by the dying fire dogs twist and curl into balls content just to be for a lovely bowl let us arrange these flowers since there is no rice graven images piles of dry spiritless leaves: temple companions mountain rose petals falling, falling, falling now waterfall music my shadowy path i've swept all day and now oh no! a camellia shower! now my loneliness following the bright fireworks look! a falling star! this snowy morning that black crow i hate so much but he's beautiful! none broke the silence nor visitor nor host nor white chrysanthemum flat-bottomed rain clouds glide over distant ridgelines like bellies of snails in autumn twilight a scarecrow sags on his pole the crows now at roost women planting rice ugly every bit about them but their ancient song in the bright blue sky a faint moon, a spirit moon, looking out of place mountain rose petals falling, falling, falling now waterfall music in the bright blue sky a faint moon, a spirit moon searching for the night don't weep, you insects lovers, even stars themselves, given time must part sick on my journey only my dreams will wander these desolate moors from dark windy hills voice driving weary horses shouting of the storm a field of tall grass: all that remains of dreams of ancient warriors black desolate moor i bow before the buddha lighted in thunder Dimming of old eyes Like a veil transcending day heralding the night moon so bright for love! hear the farmer by that light flailing at his rice! in the sea surf edge mingling with bright small seashells bush clover petals ginger simmers with vinegar in hot steel wok dumplings rolled beside on this lonely road my horse shies and throws its head white tombstone at night the sea darkening oh voices of the wild ducks crying, whirling, white now my loneliness following the bright fireworks look! a falling star! stick-end breaks water then suddenly vanishes a turtle sighting asking for their road seven yellow bamboo hats all turned together a ruined treehouse memories of days long past the world bathed in sun forest in winter winds howl in rage and fury with no leaves to blow castle in valley like a feudal fairytale of Inuyasha before boiled chestnuts cross-legged lad is squatting carved wooden buddha there near the roadside an innkeeper bent and gray pipe smoke on the wind weathered skeleton in windy fields of memory piercing like a knife thunder and lightning the shaking hut not so bad as the shaking dog no oil to read by i am off to bed  but ah! my moonlit pillow butterflies only fluttering in this warm field a flower banquet one fallen flower returning to the branch? oh no! a white butterfly toward those short trees we saw a hawk descending on a day in spring by that fallen house the pear tree stands full blooming an ancient battle site in the city fields contemplating cherry trees strangers are like friends in autumn twilight a scarecrow sags on his pole the crows now at roost there is such a thing as the pressure of darkness just before the dawn fie! this fickle world! three days neglected cherry- branch and you are bare this snowy morning that black crow i hate so much but he's beautiful! visiting the graves trotting on to show the way old family dog deepen, drop, and die many-hued chrysanthemums one black earth for all shocking the red of lacquered fingernails against white chrysanthemum tombstones tilt forward as if through long acquaintance yearn to join the dead sadly I part from you like a clam torn from its shell I go with autumn white chrysanthemum before that perfect flower scissors hesitate from out of nowhere wandering clouds give brief rest to moon-beholders a flooding river banks unseen, water foaming, invades a forest in these dark waters drawn up from my frozen well glittering of spring a moon in the pond a moon in the pond-like sky and me in between long the summer day patterns on the ocean sand our idle footprints a sudden tavern not dead yet at journey's end but empty pockets darting dragonfly pull off its shiny wings, look: bright red pepper pod! rusted gate opens screeching like a thing alive voicing displeasure i gave the greetings of the bright new year as though i held a plum branch taro leaves and twigs awaiting the slow moonrise on the black burnt field descending seaward far-off mountain waterfall winter nights are still on this winter pond the wild ducks float quietly like dark fallen leaves a jagged bat dance in the Atsuta twilight: spots before old eyes sadly I part from you like a clam torn from its shell I go with autumn a camellia dropped down into still waters of a deep dark well curious flower watching us pass, met its death our hungry donkey mountain rose petals falling, falling, falling now waterfall music oh! i ate them all and oh! what a stomach ache green stolen apples look at the candle! what a hungry wind it is hunting in the snow! cloudbank curling low? ah! the mountain yoshino cherry cumulus! a jagged bat dance in the Atsuta twilight: spots before old eyes cold winter shower see all the people running across the stone bridge! forest in winter winds howl in rage and fury with no leaves to blow twilight whippoorwill whistle on sweet deepener of dark loneliness at our last parting bending between boat and shore that weeping willow a bright autumn moon in the shadow of each grass an insect chirping between our two lives there is also the life of the cherry blossom in the bright blue sky a pale moon, a spirit moon looking out of place the snake departed but the little eyes that glared dew, shining in grass in mountain twilight hills become just faint gray clouds drifting off in waves dry cheerful cricket chirping, keeps the autumn gay scornful of the frost toward those short trees we saw a hawk descending on a day in spring in the bright blue sky a pale moon, a spirit moon looking out of place this snowy morning that black crow i hate so much but he's beautiful! a wintery day from high on my horse I see a frozen shadow many solemn nights blond moon, we stand and marvel sleeping our noons away dancing in my silks money tossed itself away pretty, this paper dress! for the emperor himself he won't lift his hat a stiff-backed scarecrow no oil to read by i am off to bed  but ah! my moonlit pillow shocking the red of lacquered fingernails against white chrysanthemum two ancient pine trees pair of gnarled and sturdy hands with ten green fingers sadly I part from you like a clam torn from its shell I go with autumn oh sorry tom cat bigger blacker knights of love have knocked you out! nothing in the cry of cicadas suggests they are about to die samuri charges bearded face full of fury swordhand full of death oh great blue heron, picket of the spirit world, guard my pond today cat on tall bookcase do you think I don't see you or your flicking tail? white moth, flutter off: fly back into my breast now quickly, my own soul! stupid hot melons rolling like fat idiots out from leafy shade! castle in valley like a feudal fairytale of Inuyasha hard the beggar's bed but sociable and busy with insect-talking in the open shop paperweights on picture books young springtime breezes dry cheerful cricket chirping, keeps the autumn gay scornful of the frost carven gods long gone dead leaves alone foregather on the temple porch see: surviving sons visit the ancestral grave bearded, with bent canes wake! the sky is light! let us to the road again friendly butterfly! for morning-glories i can foresee grave danger single-stick practice! a single dewdrop shining brightly on a rock like a lost diamond glorious the moon therefore our thanks dark clouds come to rest our necks by that fallen house the pear tree stands full blooming an ancient battle site winter rain deepens lichened letters on the grave and my old sadness thunder and lightning the shaking hut not so bad as the shaking dog good friend grasshopper will you play the caretaker for my little grave? for a lovely bowl let us arrange these flowers since there is no rice standing still at dusk listen in far distances the song of froglings! dancing in my silks money tossed itself away pretty, this paper dress! a camellia dropped down into still waters of a deep dark well dirty bathwater where can i pour you?  insects singing in the grass white cloud of mist above white cherry blossoms dawn shining mountains in hills near Honshu sharply-edged temple archways cut round-bellied trees at the fall of night: a branch scratching the window: time to bar the door in the sea surf edge mingling with bright small seashells bush clover petals seas are wild tonight stretching over the island silent clouds of stars old dark sleepy pool quick unexpected frog goes plop! a watersplash! a break in the clouds the moon a bright mountaintop distant and aloof a break in the clouds the moon a bright mountaintop distant and aloof rusted gate opens screeching like a thing alive voicing displeasure my shadowy path i've swept all day and now oh no! a camellia shower! a far bank of clouds that I let myself pretend are distant mountains voices of two bells that speak from twilight temples ah! cool dialogue on this winter pond the wild ducks float quietly like dark fallen leaves flat-bottomed rain clouds glide over distant ridgelines like bellies of snails white cloud of mist above white cherry blossoms dawn shining mountains a windfall apple a man with merging eyebrows never trust these two a dead leaf stirring crescendo high in the pines the storm-front arrives unrequited love! elevate your chin and keen tom-cat, to the moon! in the twilight rain these brilliant-hued hibiscus a lovely sunset asking for their road seven yellow bamboo hats all turned together at our last parting bending between boat and shore that weeping willow a single cricket chirps, chirps, chirps, and is still my candle sinks and dies old weary willows i thought how long the road would be when you were gone wild geese write a line flap flapping across the sky comical dutch script cloudbank curling low? ah! the mountain yoshino cherry cumulus! women planting rice ugly every bit about them but their ancient song a sudden tavern not dead yet at journey's end but empty pockets a flooding river banks unseen, water foaming, invades a forest dead my old fine hopes and dry my dreaming but still iris, blue each spring faraway cloudbanks that I let myself pretend are distant mountains seas are wild tonight stretching over the island silent clouds of stars a splash in the pond bugs once floating in the moon now supper for trout the temple bell stops but the sound keeps echoing out of the flowers beneath a tree branch in a gap just large enough the lantern moon hangs roaring winter storm rushing to its utter end ever-sounding sea a sudden tavern not dead yet at journey's end but empty pockets visiting the graves trotting on to show the way old family dog my shadowy path i've swept all day and now oh no! a camellia shower! white horse tied to fence were the old man's directions for finding his farm why so scrawny, cat? starving for fat fish or mice or a backyard love? in hills near Honshu sharply-edged temple archways cut round-bellied trees dewdrop, let me cleanse here in your brief sweet waters these dark hands of life yellow evening sun long shadow of the scarecrow reaches to the road cold first winter rain poor monkey, you too could use a little cape an old silent pond a frog jumps into the pond splash! silence again winter seclusion listening, that evening to rain on the roof in autumn twilight a scarecrow sags on his pole the crows now at roost dancing in my silks money tossed itself away pretty, this paper dress! a single dewdrop shining brightly on a rock like a lost diamond take the round flat moon snap this twig for a handle what a pretty fan! shocking the red of lacquered fingernails against white chrysanthemum hi! kids mimicking cormorants you are more like cormorants than they! a wintery day from high on my horse I see a frozen shadow just after noontime cows wade in a shadeless pond and start bellowing all heaven and earth flowered white obliterate snow unceasing snow boughs rub together: the legs of giant crickets calling for a mate? but when i halted on the windy street at noon snow struck against me eleven brave knights canter through the whirling snow not one bends his neck flat-bottomed rain clouds glide over distant ridgelines like bellies of snails a rotting pumpkin collapsed and covered in flies eases back to earth a sunny hillside and look! blueberry bushes! even the dog eats them ah me! i am one who spends his little breakfast morningglory gazing "yes, come in!" i cried but at the windy snow-hung gate knocking still went on there near the roadside an innkeeper bent and gray pipe smoke on the wind in the world outside, is it harvest time for rice? girls with muddy feet such a little child to send to be a priestling icy poverty a ruined treehouse memories of days long past the world bathed in sun dew evaporates and all our world is but dew so fresh, so fleeting shocking the red of lacquered fingernails against white chrysanthemum the night still and clear the dock floating in blackness my feet in the moon bright red pepper pod it needs but shiny wings, look: darting dragonfly! cold first winter rain poor monkey, you too could use a little cape first white snow of fall just enough to bend the leaves of faded daffodils all heaven and earth flowered white obliterate snow unceasing snow none broke the silence nor visitor nor host nor white chrysanthemum a gate made all of twigs, woven grass for hinges for a lock this snail ah! i intended never never to grow old listen: new year's bell! standing still at dusk listen in far distances the song of froglings! now my loneliness following the bright fireworks look! a falling star! the sea darkening oh voices of the wild ducks crying, whirling, white mirror-pond of stars suddenly a summer shower dimples the water now the swinging bridge is quieted with creepers like our tendrilled life far across low mist intermittently the lake lifts a snow-white sail nine times arising to see the moon whose solemn pace marks just midnight silent the old town the scent of flowers floating and evening bell awakened at night: a hound bays, the moon ignores the owl says nothing beneath a tree branch in a gap just large enough the lantern moon hangs a wintery day from high on my horse I see a frozen shadow swallow in the dusk spare my little buzzing friends among the flowers dry and light as air the pages of an old book it smells of reading in hills near Honshu sharply-edged temple archways cut round-bellied trees hanging the lantern on that full white blooming bough exquisite your care! in silent midnight our old scarecrow topples down weird hollow echo this cool gentle mist born of thunder and fury underneath the falls a flooding river banks unseen, water foaming, invades a forest none broke the silence nor visitor nor host nor white chrysanthemum black desolate moor i bow before the buddha lighted in thunder a camellia dropped down into still waters of a deep dark well describe plum blossoms? better than my verses, white wordless butterflies rash tomcat lover careless even of that rice stuck in your whiskers a sunny hillside and look! blueberry bushes! even the dog eats them curious flower watching us pass, met its death our hungry donkey a camellia dropped down into still waters of a deep dark well standing still at dusk listen in far distances the song of froglings! forest in winter winds howl in rage and fury with no leaves to blow now in sad autumn as i take my darkening path a solitary bird cold first winter rain poor monkey, you too could use a little cape if strangers threaten turn into fat green bullfrogs pond-cooling melons in the bright blue sky a pale moon, a spirit moon looking out of place words on stone tombstone now weathered shallow trenches like worm tracks on sand faraway cloudbanks that I let myself pretend are distant mountains samuri charges bearded face full of fury swordhand full of death by the dying fire dogs twist and curl into balls content just to be ashes my burnt hut but wonderful the cherry blooming on my hill cold first winter rain poor monkey, you too could use a little cape a moon in the pond a moon in the pond-like sky and me in between unrequited love! elevate your chin and keen tom-cat, to the moon! in the world outside, is it harvest time for rice? girls with muddy feet quite a hundred gourds sprouting from the fertile soul of a single vine winter rain deepens lichened letters on the grave and my old sadness now the swinging bridge is quieted with creepers like our tendrilled life a white swan swimming parting with her unmoved breast cherry-petaled pond oh do not swat them unhappy flies forever wringing their thin hands buddha on the hill from your holy nose indeed hangs an icicle the still summer pond willow tendrils caress it like a lover's face oh great blue heron, picket of the spirit world, guard my pond today nice: wild persimmons and notice how the mother eats the bitter parts in the open shop paperweights on picture books young springtime breezes thunder and lightning the shaking hut not so bad as the shaking dog yellow autumn moon unimpressed the scarecrow stands simply looking bored the fragrance of plums: carrying me back to home childhood's happy time between our two lives there is also the life of the cherry blossom women planting rice ugly every bit about them but their ancient song vendor of bright fans carrying his pack of breeze suffocating heat! long the summer day patterns on the ocean sand our idle footprints in the bright blue sky a faint moon, a spirit moon searching for the night from out of nowhere wandering clouds give brief rest to moon-beholders the swift moon racing the branches still holding rain a chorus of frogs look at the candle! what a hungry wind it is hunting in the snow! april's air stirs in willow-leaves a butterfly floats and balances Dimming of old eyes Like a veil transcending day heralding the night what a gorgeous one that fat sleek huge old chestnut i could not get at now from cherry trees millions of maidens flying from fierce warlord storm the laden wagon runs bumbling and creaking down three peonies tremble lend me water please? some fresh young morning glory, careless took my well yellow evening sun long shadow of the scarecrow reaches to the road a sudden tavern not dead yet at journey's end but empty pockets cold winter shower see all the people running across the stone bridge! in the bright blue sky a faint moon, a spirit moon, looking out of place at furue in rain gray water and gray sand a picture without lines in this windy nest open your hungry mouth now in vain my stepchild autumn mosquitoes buzz me, bite me see, i am long prepared for death in hills near Honshu sharply-edged temple archways cut round-bellied trees a rotting pumpkin collapsed and covered in flies eases back to earth don't weep, you insects lovers, even stars themselves, given time must part green curls over and white falls under boom boom boom on the sun-bright sand defeated in fray by bigger battlers for love tom cat seeks a mouse flower in the stream thus too my life must end like another flower what a gorgeous one that fat sleek huge old chestnut i could not get at moss-covered boulder heavy roots in piles of leaves a stop in the woods rainy month, dripping on and on as i lie abed ah, old man's memories! describe plum blossoms? better than my verses white wordless butterflies in the holy dusk nightingales begin their psalm good! the dinner gong! old weary willows i thought how long the road would be when you were gone the red dragon flies a flowing banner across the dark crimson sky awakened at night by sounds of the water jar cracking from the ice dirty bathwater where can i pour you?  insects singing in the grass in autumn twilight a scarecrow sags on his pole the crows now at roost ah! i intended never never to grow old listen: new year's bell! five or six of us remain, huddled together bent old willow trees green curls over and white falls under boom boom boom on the sun-bright sand fie! this fickle world! three days neglected cherry- branch and you are bare angry i strode home but stooping in my garden calm old willow tree defeated in fray by bigger battlers for love tom cat seeks a mouse dry cheerful cricket chirping, keeps the autumn gay scornful of the frost flat-bottomed rain clouds glide over distant ridgelines like bellies of snails sitting quietly doing nothing yet Spring comes grass grows by itself when the lamp goes out cool stars enter the window this hot evening all heaven and earth flowered white obliterate snow unceasing snow hi! kids mimicking cormorants you are more like cormorants than they! nothing in the cry of cicadas suggests they are about to die ashes my burnt hut but wonderful the cherry blooming on my hill "yes, come in!" i cried but at the windy snow-hung gate knocking still went on for morning-glories i can foresee grave danger single-stick practice! but when i halted on the windy street at noon snow struck against me do your worst, old frost you can no longer wound me -last chrysanthemum a field of tall grass: all that remains of dreams of ancient warriors boughs rub together: the legs of giant crickets calling for a mate? the red dragon flies a flowing banner across the dark crimson sky cruel autumn wind cutting to the very bones of my poor scarecrow darting dragonfly pull off its shiny wings, look: bright red pepper pod! nothing in the cry of cicadas suggests they are about to die April's air stirs in willow leaves, a butterfly floats and balances a single dewdrop shining brightly on a rock like a lost diamond darting dragonfly pull off its shiny wings, look: bright red pepper pod! words on wood tombstones now rotted, unreadable all is forgotten cold first winter rain poor monkey, you too could use a little cape faraway cloudbanks that I let myself pretend are distant mountains see the heavy leaf on the silent windless day falls of its own will going snow-viewing one by one the walkers vanish whitely falling veils a wintery day from high on my horse I see a frozen shadow rash tomcat lover careless even of that rice stuck in your whiskers standing still at dusk listen in far distances the song of froglings! nice: wild persimmons and notice how the mother eats the bitter parts for morning-glories i can foresee grave danger single-stick practice! if strangers threaten turn into fat green bullfrogs pond-cooling melons And now I see them coming through the stormy woods making good speed.  Wolves. dead my old fine hopes and dry my dreaming but still iris, blue each spring such a little child to send to be a priestling icy poverty a sharp shovel thrust the half-ends of worms and grubs food for the sapling cruel autumn wind cutting to the very bones of my poor scarecrow a dead leaf stirring crescendo high in the pines the storm-front arrives on this winter pond the wild ducks float quietly like dark fallen leaves a sunny hillside and look! blueberry bushes! even the dog eats them nice: wild persimmons and notice how the mother eats the bitter parts by the dying fire dogs twist and curl into balls content just to be a moon in the pond a moon in the pond-like sky and me in between a camellia dropped down into still waters of a deep dark well but when i halted on the windy street at noon snow struck against me a splash in the pond bugs once floating in the moon now supper for trout reciting scriptures strange the wondrous blue i find in morning glories so hot this dry month squirrels lie flat on pine limbs ignoring their fleas oh former renter i know it all, all down to the deep cold you felt oh lucky beggar! bright heaven and cool earth your summer outfit so enviable maple-leaves most glorious contemplating death now the swinging bridge is quieted with creepers like our tendrilled life moon so bright for love! hear the farmer by that light flailing at his rice! first white snow of fall just enough to bend the leaves of faded daffodils now in late autumn look, on my old rubbish heap blue morning glory white chrysanthemum before that perfect flower scissors hesitate a sudden tavern not dead yet at journey's end but empty pockets a white swan swimming parting with her unmoved breast cherry-petaled pond oh lucky beggar! bright heaven and cool earth your summer outfit in mountain twilight hills become just faint gray clouds drifting off in waves but when i halted on the windy street at noon snow struck against me in silent midnight our old scarecrow topples down weird hollow echo at our last parting bending between boat and shore that weeping willow black desolate moor i bow before the buddha lighted in thunder now in late autumn look, on my old rubbish heap blue morning glory a lost child crying stumbling over the dark fields catching the fireflies all heaven and earth flowered white obliterate snow unceasing snow a flooding river banks unseen, water foaming, invades a forest white sails and white clouds: my far-away horizon, is their here and now buddha on the hill from your holy nose indeed hangs an icicle in the bright blue sky: a spirit moon, pale and lost, searching for the night amorous cat, alas you too must yowl with your love or even worse, without! carven gods long gone dead leaves alone foregather on the temple porch first white snow of fall just enough to bend the leaves of faded daffodils from dark windy hills voice driving weary horses shouting of the storm in dim dusk and scent a witness now half hidden evenfall orchid now that eyes of hawks in dusky night are darkened chirping of the quails there is such a thing as the pressure of darkness just before the dawn flat-bottomed rain clouds glide over distant ridgelines like bellies of snails so hot this dry month squirrels lie flat on pine limbs ignoring their fleas white moth, flutter off: fly back into my breast now quickly, my own soul! in the bright blue sky a faint moon, a spirit moon, looking out of place cloud of cherry bloom tolling twilight bell temple ueno? asakura? against the bright moon a broken cedar still stands like me defiant flower in the stream thus too my life must end like another flower rash tomcat lover careless even of that rice stuck in your whiskers awakened at night by sounds of the water jar cracking from the ice for a lovely bowl let us arrange these flowers since there is no rice hi! kids mimicking cormorants you are more like cormorants than they! describe plum blossoms? better than my verses white wordless butterflies darting dragonfly pull off its shiny wings, look: bright red pepper pod! reciting scriptures strange the wondrous blue i find in morning glories oh great blue heron, picket of the spirit world, guard my pond today none broke the silence nor visitor nor host nor white chrysanthemum in hills near Honshu sharply-edged temple archways cut round-bellied trees a lowering sky geese arrow skims the treeline far off to the west november sunrise uncertain, the cold storks stand bare sticks in water faraway cloudbanks that I let myself pretend are distant mountains samuri charges bearded face full of fury swordhand full of death oh do not swat them unhappy flies forever wringing their thin hands slanting lines of rain on the dusty samisen a mouse is trotting roaring winter storm rushing to its utter end ever-sounding sea live in simple faith just as this trusting cherry flowers, fades, and falls a windfall apple a man with merging eyebrows never trust these two a field of tall grass: all that remains of dreams of ancient warriors while i turned my head that traveler i'd just passed melted into mist women planting rice ugly every bit about them but their ancient song mountain rose petals falling, falling, falling now waterfall music boughs rub together: the legs of giant crickets calling for a mate? by that fallen house the pear tree stands full blooming an ancient battle site in silent midnight our old scarecrow topples down weird hollow echo ginger simmers with vinegar in hot steel wok dumplings rolled beside see: surviving sons visit the ancestral grave bearded, with bent canes my two plum trees are so gracious see, they flower one now, one later winter rain deepens lichened letters on the grave and my old sadness in the bright blue sky a faint moon, a spirit moon searching for the night weathered skeleton in windy fields of memory piercing like a knife the night still and clear the dock floating in blackness my feet in the moon the swift moon racing the branches still holding rain a chorus of frogs faraway cloudbanks that I let myself pretend are distant mountains dry cheerful cricket chirping, keeps the autumn gay scornful of the frost for a lovely bowl let us arrange these flowers since there is no rice now in sad autumn as i take my darkening path a solitary bird a far bank of clouds that I let myself pretend are distant mountains oh former renter i know it all, all down to the deep cold you felt in this windy nest open your hungry mouth now in vain my stepchild a single dewdrop shining brightly on a rock like a lost diamond so enviable maple-leaves most glorious contemplating death don't weep, you insects lovers, even stars themselves, given time must part long the summer day patterns on the ocean sand our idle footprints hard the beggar's bed but sociable and busy with insect-talking moss-covered boulder heavy roots in piles of leaves a stop in the woods in the bright blue sky a pale moon, a spirit moon looking out of place between our two lives there is also the life of the cherry blossom by the dying fire dogs twist and curl into balls content just to be the fragrance of plums: carrying me back to home childhood's happy time now the swinging bridge is quieted with creepers like our tendrilled life thunder and lightning the shaking hut not so bad as the shaking dog between our two lives there is also the life of the cherry blossom words on stone tombstone now weathered shallow trenches like worm tracks on sand now the swinging bridge is quieted with creepers like our tendrilled life the night still and clear the dock floating in blackness my feet in the moon ginger simmers with vinegar in hot steel wok dumplings rolled beside for a cool evening i hired the old temple porch penny in the dish rusted gate opens screeching like a thing alive voicing displeasure moon so bright for love! come closer, quilt and enfold my passionate cold! at the fall of night: a branch scratching the window: time to bar the door dewdrop, let me cleanse here in your brief sweet waters these dark hands of life a saddening world: flowers whose sweet blooms must fall as we too, alas the fragrance of plums: carrying me back to home childhood's happy time plume of pampas grass trembling in every wind hush, my lonely heart see the heavy leaf on the silent windless day falls of its own will flat-bottomed rain clouds glide over distant ridgelines like bellies of snails such a little child to send to be a priestling icy poverty just after noontime cows wade in a shadeless pond and start bellowing on this winter pond the wild ducks float quietly like dark fallen leaves such utter silence! even the crickets singing muffled by hot rocks there is such a thing as the pressure of darkness just before the dawn unrequited love! elevate your chin and keen tom-cat, to the moon! the swift moon racing the branches still holding rain a chorus of frogs green pine and blue sky like a match made in heaven white cloud is welcome cold winter shower see all the people running across the stone bridge! taro leaves and twigs awaiting the slow moonrise on the black burnt field pretty butterflies watch out for pine needle points in this gusty wind! the laden wagon runs bumbling and creaking down three peonies tremble thunder and lightning the shaking hut not so bad as the shaking dog the laden wagon runs bumbling and creaking down three peonies tremble a break in the trees an ocean of fields spreads out below the hill's crest winter solitude- in a world of one colour the sound of the wind fie! this fickle world! three days neglected cherry- branch and you are bare cat on tall bookcase do you think I don't see you or your flicking tail? describe plum blossoms? better than my verses, white wordless butterflies now from cherry trees millions of maidens flying from fierce warlord storm just after noontime cows wade in a shadeless pond and start bellowing night is bright with stars silly woman, whimpering: shall i light the lamp? all heaven and earth flowered white obliterate snow unceasing snow taro leaves and twigs awaiting the slow moonrise on the black burnt field a lost child crying stumbling over the dark fields catching the fireflies in dim dusk and scent a witness now half hidden evenfall orchid April's air stirs in willow leaves, a butterfly floats and balances deep in dark forest a woodcutter's axe talking and a woodcutter here, where a thousand captains swore grand conquest tall grass their monument when the lamp goes out cool stars enter the window this hot evening from dark windy hills voice driving weary horses shouting of the storm good evening breeze! crooked and meandering your homeward journey i gave the greetings of the bright new year as though i held a plum branch one fallen flower returning to the branch? oh no! a white butterfly a nursemaid scarecrow frightening the wind and sun from playing baby a field of tall grass: all that remains of dreams of ancient warriors such a little child to send to be a priestling icy poverty now that eyes of hawks in dusky night are darkened chirping of the quails at our last parting bending between boat and shore that weeping willow voices of two bells that speak from twilight temples ah! cool dialogue descending seaward far-off mountain waterfall winter nights are still white cloud of mist above white cherry blossoms dawn shining mountains now the swinging bridge is quieted with creepers like our tendrilled life oh sorry tom cat bigger blacker knights of love have knocked you out! black cloud bank broken scatters in the night now see moon lighted mountains! going snow-viewing one by one the walkers vanish whitely falling veils a far bank of clouds that I let myself pretend are distant mountains peony petal fell in silent dawn spilling a water jewel wee bitter cricket crying all this sunny day or is he laughing? stupid hot melons rolling like fat idiots out from leafy shade! giddy grasshopper take care, do not leap and crush these pearls of dewdrop stick-end breaks water then suddenly vanishes a turtle sighting in the twilight rain these brilliant-hued hibiscus a lovely sunset mirror-pond of stars suddenly a summer shower dimples the water hard the beggar's bed but sociable and busy with insect-talking nothing in the cry of cicadas suggests they are about to die now be a good boy take good care of our house cricket my child old weary willows i thought how long the road would be when you were gone the temple bell stops but the sound keeps echoing out of the flowers crossing it alone in cold moonlight the brittle bridge echoes my steps ah! i intended never never to grow old listen: new year's bell! butterfly asleep folded soft on temple bell then the bronze gong rang! bright red pepper pod it needs but shiny wings, look: darting dragonfly! for morning-glories i can foresee grave danger single-stick practice! a moon in the pond a moon in the pond-like sky and me in between a field of tall grass: all that remains of dreams of ancient warriors awakened at night: a hound bays, the moon ignores the owl says nothing chilling autumn rain the moon, too bright for showers, slips from their fingers torches! come and see the burglar i have captured oh! my eldest son! white horse tied to fence were the old man's directions for finding his farm moon so bright for love! come closer, quilt and enfold my passionate cold! do your worst, old frost you can no longer wound me -last chrysanthemum before boiled chestnuts cross-legged lad is squatting carved wooden buddha dirty bathwater where can i pour you?  insects singing in the grass from dark windy hills voice driving weary horses shouting of the storm white plate and white cup tuna seared in vinegar sake pink and chilled standing still at dusk listen in far distances the song of froglings! describe plum blossoms? better than my verses, white wordless butterflies green curls over and white falls under boom boom boom on the sun-bright sand winter seclusion listening, that evening to rain on the roof moon so bright for love! hear the farmer by that light flailing at his rice! eleven brave knights canter through the whirling snow not one bends his neck gritty windblown dust: such a strange harbinger of driving sheets of rain playing hide and seek amongst the cherry blossoms sparrows start my day torches! come and see the burglar i have captured oh! my eldest son! eleven brave knights canter through the whirling snow not one bends his neck in the twilight rain these brilliant-hued hibiscus a lovely sunset wake! the sky is light! let us to the road again friendly butterfly! now in late autumn look, on my old rubbish heap blue morning glory green curls over and white falls under boom boom boom on the sun-bright sand wild geese write a line flap flapping across the sky comical dutch script black cloud bank broken scatters in the night now see moon lighted mountains! a break in the clouds the moon a bright mountaintop distant and aloof a jagged bat dance in the Atsuta twilight: spots before old eyes in silent midnight our old scarecrow topples down weird hollow echo "yes, come in!" i cried but at the windy snow-hung gate knocking still went on just after noontime cows wade in a shadeless pond and start bellowing flower in the stream thus too my life must end like another flower ginger simmers with vinegar in hot steel wok dumplings rolled beside green shadow dances see our young banana tree pattering the screen rash tomcat lover careless even of that rice stuck in your whiskers dim the grey cow comes mooing mooing and mooing from the morning mist all heaven and earth flowered white obliterate snow unceasing snow white sails and white clouds strung out on the horizon change their shapes and go my good father raged when i snapped the peony precious memory! cold winter shower see all the people running across the stone bridge! in the sea surf edge mingling with bright small seashells bush clover petals a wintery day from high on my horse I see a frozen shadow the swift moon racing the branches still holding rain a chorus of frogs from dark windy hills voice driving weary horses shouting of the storm buddha on the hill from your holy nose indeed hangs an icicle chilling autumn rain the moon, too bright for showers, slips from their fingers gray marsh and black cloud flapping in autumn rain last old slow heron dead my old fine hopes and dry my dreaming but still iris, blue each spring a sharp shovel thrust the half-ends of worms and grubs food for the sapling butterfly asleep folded soft on temple bell then the bronze gong rang! in the bright blue sky a faint moon, a spirit moon, looking out of place butterflies only fluttering in this warm field a flower banquet if you were silent flight of herons on dark sky oh! autumn snowflakes! visiting the graves trotting on to show the way old family dog ah! i intended never never to grow old listen: new year's bell! oh sorry tom cat bigger blacker knights of love have knocked you out! the red dragon flies a flowing banner across the dark crimson sky chilling autumn rain the moon, too bright for showers, slips from their fingers this snowy morning that black crow i hate so much but he's beautiful! a far bank of clouds that I let myself pretend are distant mountains considerate dogs stepping off into the snow as i walk the path crossing it alone in cold moonlight the brittle bridge echoes my steps a break in the trees an ocean of fields spreads out below the hill's crest why so scrawny, cat? starving for fat fish or mice or a backyard love? over the mountain bright the full white moon now smiles on the flower in the holy dusk nightingales begin their psalm good! the dinner gong! a nursemaid scarecrow frightening the wind and sun from playing baby white sails and white clouds: my far-away horizon, is their here and now dancing in my silks money tossed itself away pretty, this paper dress! buddha on the hill from your holy nose indeed hangs an icicle a break in the clouds the moon a bright mountaintop distant and aloof moon so bright for love! come closer, quilt and enfold my passionate cold! tombstones tilt forward as if through long acquaintance yearn to join the dead beneath a tree branch in a gap just large enough the lantern moon hangs now my loneliness following the bright fireworks look! a falling star! deepen, drop, and die many-hued chrysanthemums one black earth for all eleven brave knights canter through the whirling snow not one bends his neck cloudbank curling low? ah! the mountain yoshino cherry cumulus! cloudbank curling low? ah! the mountain yoshino cherry cumulus! a splash in the pond bugs once floating in the moon now supper for trout sadness at twilight villain! i have let my hand cut that peony over the mountain bright the full white moon now smiles on the flower old dark sleepy pool quick unexpected frog goes plop! a watersplash! oh great blue heron, picket of the spirit world, guard my pond today graven images piles of dry spiritless leaves: temple companions yellow autumn moon unimpressed the scarecrow stands simply looking bored i gave the greetings of the bright new year as though i held a plum branch good evening breeze! crooked and meandering your homeward journey twilight whippoorwill whistle on sweet deepener of dark loneliness what a peony demanding to be measured by my little fan! can't it get away from the sticky pine branches cicada singing? voices of two bells that speak from twilight temples ah! cool dialogue shocking the red of lacquered fingernails against white chrysanthemum ginger simmers with vinegar in hot steel wok dumplings rolled beside Dimming of old eyes Like a veil transcending day heralding the night wisteria blooms an arbor of hanging grapes wine for bees and wasps the still summer pond willow tendrils caress it like a lover's face in the bright blue sky a faint moon, a spirit moon, looking out of place in the city fields contemplating cherry trees strangers are like friends a break in the trees an ocean of fields spreads out below the hill's crest buddha on the hill from your holy nose indeed hangs an icicle eleven brave knights canter through the whirling snow not one bends his neck in the bright blue sky: a spirit moon, pale and lost, searching for the night deep in dark forest a woodcutter's axe talking and a woodcutter this cool gentle mist born of thunder and fury underneath the falls a saddening world: flowers whose sweet blooms must fall as we too, alas a rotting pumpkin collapsed and covered in flies eases back to earth before boiled chestnuts cross-legged lad is squatting carved wooden buddha look at the candle! what a hungry wind it is hunting in the snow! a field of tall grass: all that remains of dreams of ancient warriors a rotting pumpkin collapsed and covered in flies eases back to earth forest in winter winds howl in rage and fury with no leaves to blow ah me! i am one who spends his little breakfast morningglory gazing will we meet again here at your flowering grave two white butterflies? cloud of cherry bloom tolling twilight bell temple ueno? asakura? twilight whippoorwill whistle on sweet deepener of dark loneliness a dead leaf stirring crescendo high in the pines the storm-front arrives deep in dark forest a woodcutter's axe talking and a woodcutter april's air stirs in willow-leaves a butterfly floats and balances silent the old town the scent of flowers floating and evening bell shocking the red of lacquered fingernails against white chrysanthemum call him back! ah no, he's blown from sight already fish-peddler in snow do your worst, old frost you can no longer wound me -last chrysanthemum sitting quietly doing nothing yet Spring comes grass grows by itself moss-covered boulder heavy roots in piles of leaves a stop in the woods asking for their road seven yellow bamboo hats all turned together a bright autumn moon in the shadow of each grass an insect chirping a break in the clouds the moon a bright mountaintop distant and aloof black desolate moor i bow before the buddha lighted in thunder i gave the greetings of the bright new year as though i held a plum branch green pine and blue sky like a match made in heaven white cloud is welcome boughs rub together: the legs of giant crickets calling for a mate? dirty bathwater where can i pour you?  insects singing in the grass all heaven and earth flowered white obliterate snow unceasing snow lend me water please? some fresh young morning glory, careless took my well deep in dark forest a woodcutter's axe talking and a woodcutter for the emperor himself he won't lift his hat a stiff-backed scarecrow under cherry trees soup, the salad, fish and all seasoned with petals in these dark waters drawn up from my frozen well glittering of spring shocking the red of lacquered fingernails against white chrysanthemum lend me water please? some fresh young morning glory, careless took my well blossoming white caps has snow returned to water, flowering at sea? a ruined treehouse memories of days long past the world bathed in sun in the twilight rain these brilliant-hued hibiscus a lovely sunset a single cricket chirps, chirps, chirps, and is still my candle sinks and dies mirror-pond of stars suddenly a summer shower dimples the water buzzing the bee trades peony for peony with the butterfly in hills near Honshu sharply-edged temple archways cut round-bellied trees darting dragonfly pull off its shiny wings, look: bright red pepper pod! stupid hot melons rolling like fat idiots out from leafy shade! a flooding river banks unseen, water foaming, invades a forest yellow evening sun long shadow of the scarecrow reaches to the road white sails and white clouds strung out on the horizon change their shapes and go quite a hundred gourds sprouting from the fertile soul of a single vine a rotting pumpkin collapsed and covered in flies eases back to earth seek on high bare trails sky-reflecting violets mountaintop jewels considerate dogs stepping off into the snow as i walk the path look at the candle! what a hungry wind it is hunting in the snow! many solemn nights blond moon, we stand and marvel sleeping our noons away i must turn over beware of local earthquakes bedfellow cricket! samuri charges bearded face full of fury swordhand full of death pebbles shining clear, and clear six silent fishes deep autumn water chilling autumn rain the moon, too bright for showers, slips from their fingers while i turned my head that traveler i'd just passed melted into mist crossing it alone in cold moonlight the brittle bridge echoes my steps now in sad autumn as i take my darkening path a solitary bird first autumn morning the mirror I stare into shows my father's face by that fallen house the pear tree stands full blooming an ancient battle site in hills near Honshu sharply-edged temple archways cut round-bellied trees while i turned my head that traveler i'd just passed melted into mist for a cool evening i hired the old temple porch penny in the dish ballet in the air twin butterflies until, twice white they meet, they mate lady butterfly perfumes her wings by floating over the orchid what a gorgeous one that fat sleek huge old chestnut i could not get at blossoming white caps has snow returned to water, flowering at sea? what a gorgeous one that fat sleek huge old chestnut i could not get at fie! this fickle world! three days neglected cherry- branch and you are bare gritty windblown dust: such a strange harbinger of driving sheets of rain the temple bell stops but the sound keeps echoing out of the flowers lady butterfly perfumes her wings by floating over the orchid quite a hundred gourds sprouting from the fertile soul of a single vine moon so bright for love! come closer, quilt and enfold my passionate cold! dry cheerful cricket chirping, keeps the autumn gay scornful of the frost now in sad autumn as i take my darkening path a solitary bird but when i halted on the windy street at noon snow struck against me darting dragonfly pull off its shiny wings, look: bright red pepper pod! now in sad autumn as i take my darkening path a solitary bird an old silent pond a frog jumps into the pond splash! silence again take the round flat moon snap this twig for a handle what a pretty fan! now the swinging bridge is quieted with creepers like our tendrilled life seas are wild tonight stretching over the island silent clouds of stars white cloud of mist above white cherry blossoms dawn shining mountains a sudden tavern not dead yet at journey's end but empty pockets giddy grasshopper take care, do not leap and crush these pearls of dewdrop in the twilight rain these brilliant-hued hibiscus a lovely sunset in autumn twilight a scarecrow sags on his pole the crows now at roost in the twilight rain these brilliant-hued hibiscus a lovely sunset bamboo shoots and my childhood dreams of the forest entwine at my feet torches! come and see the burglar i have captured oh! my eldest son! you stupid scarecrow! under your very stick-feet birds are stealing beans! a lowering sky geese arrow skims the treeline far off to the west bamboo shoots and my childhood dreams of the forest entwine at my feet clouds in the distance for a moment I believe I see blue mountains seek on high bare trails sky-reflecting violets mountaintop jewels oh former renter i know it all, all down to the deep cold you felt boughs rub together: the legs of giant crickets calling for a mate? toward those short trees we saw a hawk descending on a day in spring november sunrise uncertain, the cold storks stand bare sticks in water for the emperor himself he won't lift his hat a stiff-backed scarecrow on this lonely road my horse shies and throws its head white tombstone at night in hills near Honshu sharply-edged temple archways cut round-bellied trees angry i strode home but stooping in my garden calm old willow tree there near the roadside an innkeeper bent and gray pipe smoke on the wind green shadow dances see our young banana tree pattering the screen descending seaward far-off mountain waterfall winter nights are still gray marsh and black cloud flapping in autumn rain last old slow heron in the open shop paperweights on picture books young springtime breezes autumn mosquitoes buzz me, bite me see, i am long prepared for death will we meet again here at your flowering grave two white butterflies? such a little child to send to be a priestling icy poverty a jagged bat dance in the Atsuta twilight: spots before old eyes a rotting pumpkin collapsed and covered in flies eases back to earth now from cherry trees millions of maidens flying from fierce warlord storm deep in dark forest a woodcutter's axe talking and a woodcutter now be a good boy take good care of our house cricket my child forest in winter winds howl in rage and fury with no leaves to blow hi! kids mimicking cormorants you are more like cormorants than they! carven gods long gone dead leaves alone foregather on the temple porch i am going out be good and play together my cricket children yellow autumn moon unimpressed the scarecrow stands simply looking bored dead my old fine hopes and dry my dreaming but still iris, blue each spring the tree cut in Spring dawn breaks so much earlier at my small window take the round flat moon snap this twig for a handle what a pretty fan! oh sorry tom cat bigger blacker knights of love have knocked you out! flat-bottomed rain clouds glide over distant ridgelines like bellies of snails so hot this dry month squirrels lie flat on pine limbs ignoring their fleas faraway cloudbanks that I let myself pretend are distant mountains in the bright blue sky a pale moon, a spirit moon looking out of place winter seclusion listening, that evening to rain on the roof winter seclusion listening, that evening to rain on the roof i am going out be good and play together my cricket children a single dewdrop shining brightly on a rock like a lost diamond defeated in fray by bigger battlers for love tom cat seeks a mouse a windfall apple a man with merging eyebrows never trust these two bright red pepper pod it needs but shiny wings, look: darting dragonfly! a far bank of clouds that I let myself pretend are distant mountains pebbles shining clear, and clear six silent fishes deep autumn water graven images piles of dry spiritless leaves: temple companions roaring winter storm rushing to its utter end ever-sounding sea a dead leaf stirring crescendo high in the pines the storm-front arrives eleven brave knights canter through the whirling snow not one bends his neck green curls over and white falls under boom boom boom on the sun-bright sand the temple bell stops but the sound keeps echoing out of the flowers stupid hot melons rolling like fat idiots out from leafy shade! nice: wild persimmons and notice how the mother eats the bitter parts dewdrop, let me cleanse here in your brief sweet waters these dark hands of life snow-swallowed valley: only the winding river black fluent brush stroke if there were fragrance these heavy snowflakes settling lilies on the rocks "yes, come in!" i cried but at the windy snow-hung gate knocking still went on samuri charges bearded face full of fury swordhand full of death stick-end breaks water then suddenly vanishes a turtle sighting old dark sleepy pool quick unexpected frog goes plop! a watersplash! unrequited love! elevate your chin and keen tom-cat, to the moon! asking for their road seven yellow bamboo hats all turned together in mountain twilight hills become just faint gray clouds drifting off in waves a lowering sky geese arrow skims the treeline far off to the west what a peony demanding to be measured by my little fan! defeated in fray by bigger battlers for love tom cat seeks a mouse now from cherry trees millions of maidens flying from fierce warlord storm from out of nowhere wandering clouds give brief rest to moon-beholders a sudden tavern not dead yet at journey's end but empty pockets darting dragonfly pull off its shiny wings, look: bright red pepper pod! a sudden tavern not dead yet at journey's end but empty pockets unrequited love! elevate your chin and keen tom-cat, to the moon! yellow evening sun long shadow of the scarecrow reaches to the road toward those short trees we saw a hawk descending on a day in spring so hot this dry month squirrels lie flat on pine limbs ignoring their fleas awakened at night: a hound bays, the moon ignores the owl says nothing on this lonely road my horse shies and throws its head white tombstone at night white sails and white clouds: my far-away horizon, is their here and now i must turn over beware of local earthquakes bedfellow cricket! cloudbank curling low? ah! the mountain yoshino cherry cumulus! sadly I part from you like a clam torn from its shell I go with autumn voices of two bells that speak from twilight temples ah! cool dialogue now the swinging bridge is quieted with creepers like our tendrilled life dirty bathwater where can i pour you?  insects singing in the grass visiting the graves trotting on to show the way old family dog swallow in the dusk spare my little buzzing friends among the flowers cat on tall bookcase do you think I don't see you or your flicking tail? a single dewdrop shining brightly on a rock like a lost diamond a camellia dropped down into still waters of a deep dark well between our two lives there is also the life of the cherry blossom butterflies only fluttering in this warm field a flower banquet the swift moon racing the branches still holding rain a chorus of frogs darting dragonfly pull off its shiny wings, look: bright red pepper pod! a sharp shovel thrust the half-ends of worms and grubs food for the sapling at the fall of night: a branch scratching the window: time to bar the door defeated in fray by bigger battlers for love tom cat seeks a mouse cold winter shower see all the people running across the stone bridge! this cool gentle mist born of thunder and fury underneath the falls cloud of cherry bloom tolling twilight bell temple ueno? asakura? angry i strode home but stooping in my garden calm old willow tree no oil to read by i am off to bed  but ah! my moonlit pillow awakened at night: a hound bays, the moon ignores the owl says nothing here, where a thousand captains swore grand conquest tall grass their monument moon so bright for love! come closer, quilt and enfold my passionate cold! ah! i intended never never to grow old listen: new year's bell! all heaven and earth flowered white obliterate snow unceasing snow cold first winter rain poor monkey, you too could use a little cape snow-swallowed valley: only the winding river black fluent brush stroke a dead leaf stirring crescendo high in the pines the storm-front arrives by the dying fire dogs twist and curl into balls content just to be hi! kids mimicking cormorants you are more like cormorants than they! ah me! i am one who spends his little breakfast morningglory gazing if there were fragrance these heavy snowflakes settling lilies on the rocks lonely umbrella passing the house at twilight first snow  falling soft will we meet again here at your flowering grave two white butterflies? lonely umbrella passing the house at twilight first snow  falling soft so hot this dry month all the world bleached like driftwood grain in stark relief toward those short trees we saw a hawk descending on a day in spring a jagged bat dance in the Atsuta twilight: spots before old eyes moon so bright for love! hear the farmer by that light flailing at his rice! butterfly asleep folded soft on temple bell then the bronze gong rang! shocking the red of lacquered fingernails against white chrysanthemum winter solitude- in a world of one colour the sound of the wind a saddening world: flowers whose sweet blooms must fall as we too, alas the sea darkening oh voices of the wild ducks crying, whirling, white now be a good boy take good care of our house cricket my child cruel autumn wind cutting to the very bones of my poor scarecrow flat-bottomed rain clouds glide over distant ridgelines like bellies of snails white chrysanthemum before that perfect flower scissors hesitate from dark windy hills voice driving weary horses shouting of the storm a sudden tavern not dead yet at journey's end but empty pockets hanging the lantern on that full white blooming bough exquisite your care! roaring winter storm rushing to its utter end ever-sounding sea dry cheerful cricket chirping, keeps the autumn gay scornful of the frost dewdrop, let me cleanse here in your brief sweet waters these dark hands of life the sea darkening oh voices of the wild ducks crying, whirling, white sadly I part from you like a clam torn from its shell I go with autumn open mouth reveals your whole wet interior silly hollow frog! a gate made all of twigs, woven grass for hinges for a lock this snail dirty bathwater where can i pour you?  insects singing in the grass giddy grasshopper take care, do not leap and crush these pearls of dewdrop good evening breeze! crooked and meandering your homeward journey what a gorgeous one that fat sleek huge old chestnut i could not get at swallow in the dusk spare my little buzzing friends among the flowers sadly I part from you like a clam torn from its shell I go with autumn rash tomcat lover careless even of that rice stuck in your whiskers rash tomcat lover careless even of that rice stuck in your whiskers seas are wild tonight stretching over the island silent clouds of stars clouds in the distance for a moment I believe I see blue mountains flower in the stream thus too my life must end like another flower if you were silent flight of herons on dark sky oh! autumn snowflakes! a gate made all of twigs, woven grass for hinges for a lock this snail arise from sleep, cat, and with great yawns and stretchings amble out for love snow-swallowed valley: only the winding river black fluent brush stroke vendor of bright fans carrying his pack of breeze suffocating heat! hard the beggar's bed but sociable and busy with insect-talking bright red pepper pod it needs but shiny wings, look: darting dragonfly! And now I see them coming through the stormy woods making good speed.  Wolves. a far bank of clouds that I let myself pretend are distant mountains oh great blue heron, picket of the spirit world, guard my pond today green curls over and white falls under boom boom boom on the sun-bright sand white chrysanthemum before that perfect flower scissors hesitate a break in the trees an ocean of fields spreads out below the hill's crest butterfly asleep folded soft on temple bell then the bronze gong rang! why so scrawny, cat? starving for fat fish or mice or a backyard love? lend me water please? some fresh young morning glory, careless took my well weathered skeleton in windy fields of memory piercing like a knife sadness at twilight villain! i have let my hand cut that peony can't it get away from the sticky pine branches cicada singing? five or six of us remain, huddled together bent old willow trees gray marsh and black cloud flapping in autumn rain last old slow heron describe plum blossoms? better than my verses, white wordless butterflies at our last parting bending between boat and shore that weeping willow against the bright moon a broken cedar still stands like me defiant by that fallen house the pear tree stands full blooming an ancient battle site amorous cat, alas you too must yowl with your love or even worse, without! moon so bright for love! hear the farmer by that light flailing at his rice! the fragrance of plums: carrying me back to home childhood's happy time there near the roadside an innkeeper bent and gray pipe smoke on the wind now in late autumn look, on my old rubbish heap blue morning glory considerate dogs stepping off into the snow as i walk the path eleven brave knights canter through the whirling snow not one bends his neck flat-bottomed rain clouds glide over distant ridgelines like bellies of snails on this winter pond the wild ducks float quietly like dark fallen leaves many solemn nights blond moon, we stand and marvel sleeping our noons away glorious the moon therefore our thanks dark clouds come to rest our necks moss-covered boulder heavy roots in piles of leaves a stop in the woods in the bright blue sky: a spirit moon, pale and lost, searching for the night my shadowy path i've swept all day and now oh no! a camellia shower! you stupid scarecrow! under your very stick-feet birds are stealing beans! in mountain twilight hills become just faint gray clouds drifting off in waves fireworks ended and spectators gone away and now how vast and dark! arise from sleep, cat, and with great yawns and stretchings amble out for love the old fisherman unalterably intent cold evening rain dim the grey cow comes mooing mooing and mooing from the morning mist in the holy dusk nightingales begin their psalm good! the dinner gong! a splash in the pond bugs once floating in the moon now supper for trout look at the candle! what a hungry wind it is hunting in the snow! plume of pampas grass trembling in every wind hush, my lonely heart there is such a thing as the pressure of darkness just before the dawn sadness at twilight villain! i have let my hand cut that peony cruel autumn wind cutting to the very bones of my poor scarecrow cold winter shower see all the people running across the stone bridge! wild geese write a line flap flapping across the sky comical dutch script winter seclusion listening, that evening to rain on the roof a lowering sky geese arrow skims the treeline far off to the west vendor of bright fans carrying his pack of breeze suffocating heat! gray marsh and black cloud flapping in autumn rain last old slow heron describe plum blossoms? better than my verses, white wordless butterflies in these dark waters drawn up from my frozen well glittering of spring April's air stirs in willow leaves, a butterfly floats and balances first white snow of fall just enough to bend the leaves of faded daffodils hi! kids mimicking cormorants you are more like cormorants than they! the fields harvested a sake jug pay enough for a man like me i must turn over beware of local earthquakes bedfellow cricket! standing still at dusk listen in far distances the song of froglings! in the farther field scarecrow kept me company walking as i walked graven images piles of dry spiritless leaves: temple companions white moth, flutter off: fly back into my breast now quickly, my own soul! five or six of us remain, huddled together bent old willow trees visiting the graves trotting on to show the way old family dog a wintery day from high on my horse I see a frozen shadow what a peony demanding to be measured by my little fan! white moth, flutter off: fly back into my breast now quickly, my own soul! hi! kids mimicking cormorants you are more like cormorants than they! going snow-viewing one by one the walkers vanish whitely falling veils in the world outside, is it harvest time for rice? girls with muddy feet now that eyes of hawks in dusky night are darkened chirping of the quails eleven brave knights canter through the whirling snow not one bends his neck the old fisherman unalterably intent cold evening rain the tree cut in Spring dawn breaks so much earlier at my small window wee bitter cricket crying all this sunny day or is he laughing? when the lamp goes out cool stars enter the window this hot evening my good father raged when i snapped the peony precious memory! i gave the greetings of the bright new year as though i held a plum branch such utter silence! even the crickets singing muffled by hot rocks hard the beggar's bed but sociable and busy with insect-talking April's air stirs in willow leaves, a butterfly floats and balances sadly I part from you like a clam torn from its shell I go with autumn the tree cut in Spring dawn breaks so much earlier at my small window torches! come and see the burglar i have captured oh! my eldest son! hi! kids mimicking cormorants you are more like cormorants than they! from out of nowhere wandering clouds give brief rest to moon-beholders Dimming of old eyes Like a veil transcending day heralding the night a lowering sky geese arrow skims the treeline far off to the west in the bright blue sky a pale moon, a spirit moon looking out of place gritty windblown dust: such a strange harbinger of driving sheets of rain defeated in fray by bigger battlers for love tom cat seeks a mouse in the open shop paperweights on picture books young springtime breezes what a gorgeous one that fat sleek huge old chestnut i could not get at dry cheerful cricket chirping, keeps the autumn gay scornful of the frost descending seaward far-off mountain waterfall winter nights are still the laden wagon runs bumbling and creaking down three peonies tremble thunder and lightning the shaking hut not so bad as the shaking dog mirror-pond of stars suddenly a summer shower dimples the water hi! kids mimicking cormorants you are more like cormorants than they! five or six of us remain, huddled together bent old willow trees "yes, come in!" i cried but at the windy snow-hung gate knocking still went on like a thing alive rusted gate screeches open even things feel pain but when i halted on the windy street at noon snow struck against me words on wood tombstones now rotted, unreadable all is forgotten quite a hundred gourds sprouting from the fertile soul of a single vine lend me water please? some fresh young morning glory, careless took my well hi! kids mimicking cormorants you are more like cormorants than they! night is bright with stars silly woman, whimpering: shall i light the lamp? see the morning breeze ruffling his so silky hair cool caterpillar a ruined treehouse memories of days long past the world bathed in sun the red dragon flies a flowing banner across the dark crimson sky a sunny hillside and look! blueberry bushes! even the dog eats them considerate dogs stepping off into the snow as i walk the path ah! i intended never never to grow old listen: new year's bell! yellow autumn moon unimpressed the scarecrow stands simply looking bored far across low mist intermittently the lake lifts a snow-white sail five or six of us remain, huddled together bent old willow trees boughs rub together: the legs of giant crickets calling for a mate? lonely umbrella passing the house at twilight first snow  falling soft before boiled chestnuts cross-legged lad is squatting carved wooden buddha white moth, flutter off: fly back into my breast now quickly, my own soul! in dim dusk and scent a witness now half hidden evenfall orchid the sea darkening oh voices of the wild ducks crying, whirling, white glorious the moon therefore our thanks dark clouds come to rest our necks the still summer pond willow tendrils caress it like a lover's face curious flower watching us pass, met its death our hungry donkey rusted gate opens screeching like a thing alive voicing displeasure ballet in the air twin butterflies until, twice white they meet, they mate a break in the clouds the moon a bright mountaintop distant and aloof a gate made all of twigs, woven grass for hinges for a lock this snail an old silent pond a frog jumps into the pond splash! silence again hi! kids mimicking cormorants you are more like cormorants than they! dead my old fine hopes and dry my dreaming but still iris, blue each spring the swift moon racing the branches still holding rain a chorus of frogs in the bright blue sky a faint moon, a spirit moon searching for the night darting dragonfly pull off its shiny wings, look: bright red pepper pod! dim the grey cow comes mooing mooing and mooing from the morning mist the swift moon racing the branches still holding rain a chorus of frogs graven images piles of dry spiritless leaves: temple companions the sea darkening oh voices of the wild ducks crying, whirling, white sadness at twilight villain! i have let my hand cut that peony by that fallen house the pear tree stands full blooming an ancient battle site mirror-pond of stars suddenly a summer shower dimples the water april's air stirs in willow-leaves a butterfly floats and balances if strangers threaten turn into fat green bullfrogs pond-cooling melons white sails and white clouds: my far-away horizon, is their here and now seek on high bare trails sky-reflecting violets mountaintop jewels nothing in the cry of cicadas suggests they are about to die see the heavy leaf on the silent windless day falls of its own will if you were silent flight of herons on dark sky oh! autumn snowflakes! castle in valley like a feudal fairytale of Inuyasha pretty butterflies watch out for pine needle points in this gusty wind! if there were fragrance these heavy snowflakes settling lilies on the rocks an old silent pond a frog jumps into the pond splash! silence again if there were fragrance these heavy snowflakes settling lilies on the rocks And now I see them coming through the stormy woods making good speed.  Wolves. the night still and clear the dock floating in blackness my feet in the moon green curls over and white falls under boom boom boom on the sun-bright sand do your worst, old frost you can no longer wound me -last chrysanthemum curious flower watching us pass, met its death our hungry donkey weathered skeleton in windy fields of memory piercing like a knife sadness at twilight villain! i have let my hand cut that peony torches! come and see the burglar i have captured oh! my eldest son! winter rain deepens lichened letters on the grave and my old sadness April's air stirs in willow leaves, a butterfly floats and balances ashes my burnt hut but wonderful the cherry blooming on my hill in the twilight rain these brilliant-hued hibiscus a lovely sunset twilight whippoorwill whistle on sweet deepener of dark loneliness when the lamp goes out cool stars enter the window this hot evening november sunrise uncertain, the cold storks stand bare sticks in water ashes my burnt hut but wonderful the cherry blooming on my hill a short summer night but in this solemn darkness one peony bloomed an old silent pond a frog jumps into the pond splash! silence again crossing it alone in cold moonlight the brittle bridge echoes my steps the still summer pond willow tendrils caress it like a lover's face wild geese write a line flap flapping across the sky comical dutch script a ruined treehouse memories of days long past the world bathed in sun the laden wagon runs bumbling and creaking down three peonies tremble now from cherry trees millions of maidens flying from fierce warlord storm cloudbank curling low? ah! the mountain yoshino cherry cumulus! a windfall apple a man with merging eyebrows never trust these two in the bright blue sky a pale moon, a spirit moon looking out of place i must turn over beware of local earthquakes bedfellow cricket! April's air stirs in willow leaves, a butterfly floats and balances ginger simmers with vinegar in hot steel wok dumplings rolled beside by that fallen house the pear tree stands full blooming an ancient battle site now in sad autumn as i take my darkening path a solitary bird the laden wagon runs bumbling and creaking down three peonies tremble the red dragon flies a flowing banner across the dark crimson sky if strangers threaten turn into fat green bullfrogs pond-cooling melons the night still and clear the dock floating in blackness my feet in the moon oh! i ate them all and oh! what a stomach ache green stolen apples butterflies only fluttering in this warm field a flower banquet in the bright blue sky a faint moon, a spirit moon searching for the night twilight whippoorwill whistle on sweet deepener of dark loneliness many solemn nights blond moon, we stand and marvel sleeping our noons away wisteria blooms an arbor of hanging grapes wine for bees and wasps forest in winter winds howl in rage and fury with no leaves to blow at furue in rain gray water and gray sand a picture without lines flat-bottomed rain clouds glide over distant ridgelines like bellies of snails mirror-pond of stars suddenly a summer shower dimples the water April's air stirs in willow leaves, a butterfly floats and balances in silent midnight our old scarecrow topples down weird hollow echo rainy month, dripping on and on as i lie abed ah, old man's memories! voices of two bells that speak from twilight temples ah! cool dialogue flower in the stream thus too my life must end like another flower such utter silence! even the crickets singing muffled by hot rocks so hot this dry month squirrels lie flat on pine limbs ignoring their fleas what a peony demanding to be measured by my little fan! tombstones tilt forward as if through long acquaintance yearn to join the dead eleven brave knights canter through the whirling snow not one bends his neck wake! the sky is light! let us to the road again friendly butterfly! rusted gate opens screeching like a thing alive voicing displeasure swallow in the dusk spare my little buzzing friends among the flowers in autumn twilight a scarecrow sags on his pole the crows now at roost nothing in the cry of cicadas suggests they are about to die thunder and lightning the shaking hut not so bad as the shaking dog the swift moon racing the branches still holding rain a chorus of frogs five or six of us remain, huddled together bent old willow trees a wintery day from high on my horse I see a frozen shadow vendor of bright fans carrying his pack of breeze suffocating heat! many solemn nights blond moon, we stand and marvel sleeping our noons away by the dying fire dogs twist and curl into balls content just to be there is such a thing as the pressure of darkness just before the dawn old weary willows i thought how long the road would be when you were gone reciting scriptures strange the wondrous blue i find in morning glories ah! i intended never never to grow old listen: new year's bell! november sunrise uncertain, the cold storks stand bare sticks in water green pine and blue sky like a match made in heaven white cloud is welcome this snowy morning that black crow i hate so much but he's beautiful! like a thing alive rusted gate screeches open even things feel pain in the farther field scarecrow kept me company walking as i walked at furue in rain gray water and gray sand a picture without lines the fragrance of plums: carrying me back to home childhood's happy time clouds in the distance for a moment I believe I see blue mountains buzzing the bee trades peony for peony with the butterfly take the round flat moon snap this twig for a handle what a pretty fan! in autumn twilight a scarecrow sags on his pole the crows now at roost lonely umbrella passing the house at twilight first snow  falling soft clouds in the distance for a moment I believe I see blue mountains see the heavy leaf on the silent windless day falls of its own will a sharp shovel thrust the half-ends of worms and grubs food for the sapling pebbles shining clear, and clear six silent fishes deep autumn water deep in dark forest a woodcutter's axe talking and a woodcutter see: surviving sons visit the ancestral grave bearded, with bent canes flower in the stream thus too my life must end like another flower sadly I part from you like a clam torn from its shell I go with autumn arise from sleep, cat, and with great yawns and stretchings amble out for love see the heavy leaf on the silent windless day falls of its own will in this windy nest open your hungry mouth now in vain my stepchild dew evaporates and all our world is but dew so fresh, so fleeting describe plum blossoms? better than my verses white wordless butterflies i am going out be good and play together my cricket children wisteria blooms an arbor of hanging grapes wine for bees and wasps winter solitude- in a world of one colour the sound of the wind Oranged-tinged granite lines the tea-colored river in great southern land stick-end breaks water then suddenly vanishes a turtle sighting words on wood tombstones now rotted, unreadable all is forgotten at the fall of night: a branch scratching the window: time to bar the door white moth, flutter off: fly back into my breast now quickly, my own soul! Dimming of old eyes Like a veil transcending day heralding the night green curls over and white falls under boom boom boom on the sun-bright sand five or six of us remain, huddled together bent old willow trees temple gongs echo in the hot caressing night just before the rain ah! i intended never never to grow old listen: new year's bell! now be a good boy take good care of our house cricket my child hard the beggar's bed but sociable and busy with insect-talking now that eyes of hawks in dusky night are darkened chirping of the quails one fallen flower returning to the branch? oh no! a white butterfly in the farther field scarecrow kept me company walking as i walked green pine and blue sky like a match made in heaven white cloud is welcome angry i strode home but stooping in my garden calm old willow tree samuri charges bearded face full of fury swordhand full of death see: surviving sons visit the ancestral grave bearded, with bent canes mirror-pond of stars suddenly a summer shower dimples the water ah! i intended never never to grow old listen: new year's bell! flower in the stream thus too my life must end like another flower sadly I part from you like a clam torn from its shell I go with autumn the sea darkening oh voices of the wild ducks crying, whirling, white in the twilight rain these brilliant-hued hibiscus a lovely sunset visiting the graves trotting on to show the way old family dog asking for their road seven yellow bamboo hats all turned together a single cricket chirps, chirps, chirps, and is still my candle sinks and dies gritty windblown dust: such a strange harbinger of driving sheets of rain voices of two bells that speak from twilight temples ah! cool dialogue seas are wild tonight stretching over the island silent clouds of stars such utter silence! even the crickets singing muffled by hot rocks beneath a tree branch in a gap just large enough the lantern moon hangs will we meet again here at your flowering grave two white butterflies? ashes my burnt hut but wonderful the cherry blooming on my hill now in sad autumn as i take my darkening path a solitary bird oh former renter i know it all, all down to the deep cold you felt pebbles shining clear, and clear six silent fishes deep autumn water tombstones tilt forward as if through long acquaintance yearn to join the dead deepen, drop, and die many-hued chrysanthemums one black earth for all far across low mist intermittently the lake lifts a snow-white sail sick on my journey only my dreams will wander these desolate moors old weary willows i thought how long the road would be when you were gone if there were fragrance these heavy snowflakes settling lilies on the rocks first autumn morning the mirror I stare into shows my father's face pebbles shining clear, and clear six silent fishes deep autumn water oh great blue heron, picket of the spirit world, guard my pond today giddy grasshopper take care, do not leap and crush these pearls of dewdrop by that fallen house the pear tree stands full blooming an ancient battle site like a thing alive rusted gate screeches open even things feel pain going snow-viewing one by one the walkers vanish whitely falling veils women planting rice ugly every bit about them but their ancient song a flooding river banks unseen, water foaming, invades a forest my shadowy path i've swept all day and now oh no! a camellia shower! nice: wild persimmons and notice how the mother eats the bitter parts dirty bathwater where can i pour you?  insects singing in the grass in dim dusk and scent a witness now half hidden evenfall orchid angry i strode home but stooping in my garden calm old willow tree now in late autumn look, on my old rubbish heap blue morning glory there near the roadside an innkeeper bent and gray pipe smoke on the wind my shadowy path i've swept all day and now oh no! a camellia shower! in silent midnight our old scarecrow topples down weird hollow echo i am going out be good and play together my cricket children now be a good boy take good care of our house cricket my child in the city fields contemplating cherry trees strangers are like friends in hills near Honshu sharply-edged temple archways cut round-bellied trees old dark sleepy pool quick unexpected frog goes plop! a watersplash! oh do not swat them unhappy flies forever wringing their thin hands if strangers threaten turn into fat green bullfrogs pond-cooling melons on this lonely road my horse shies and throws its head white tombstone at night in the twilight rain these brilliant-hued hibiscus a lovely sunset a white swan swimming parting with her unmoved breast cherry-petaled pond see: surviving sons visit the ancestral grave bearded, with bent canes good friend grasshopper will you play the caretaker for my little grave? swallow in the dusk spare my little buzzing friends among the flowers in the city fields contemplating cherry trees strangers are like friends in the twilight rain these brilliant-hued hibiscus a lovely sunset hi! kids mimicking cormorants you are more like cormorants than they! stupid hot melons rolling like fat idiots out from leafy shade! chilling autumn rain the moon, too bright for showers, slips from their fingers by that fallen house the pear tree stands full blooming an ancient battle site a white swan swimming parting with her unmoved breast cherry-petaled pond Dimming of old eyes Like a veil transcending day heralding the night dancing in my silks money tossed itself away pretty, this paper dress! cruel autumn wind cutting to the very bones of my poor scarecrow April's air stirs in willow leaves, a butterfly floats and balances can't it get away from the sticky pine branches cicada singing? pebbles shining clear, and clear six silent fishes deep autumn water unrequited love! elevate your chin and keen tom-cat, to the moon! describe plum blossoms? better than my verses, white wordless butterflies cat on tall bookcase do you think I don't see you or your flicking tail? don't weep, you insects lovers, even stars themselves, given time must part the fragrance of plums: carrying me back to home childhood's happy time the temple bell stops but the sound keeps echoing out of the flowers if you were silent flight of herons on dark sky oh! autumn snowflakes! crossing it alone in cold moonlight the brittle bridge echoes my steps see: surviving sons visit the ancestral grave bearded, with bent canes yellow evening sun long shadow of the scarecrow reaches to the road white cloud of mist above white cherry blossoms dawn shining mountains from dark windy hills voice driving weary horses shouting of the storm silent the old town the scent of flowers floating and evening bell ah! i intended never never to grow old listen: new year's bell! the temple bell stops but the sound keeps echoing out of the flowers in these dark waters drawn up from my frozen well glittering of spring roaring winter storm rushing to its utter end ever-sounding sea in the twilight rain these brilliant-hued hibiscus a lovely sunset from dark windy hills voice driving weary horses shouting of the storm a field of tall grass: all that remains of dreams of ancient warriors autumn mosquitoes buzz me, bite me see, i am long prepared for death temple gongs echo in the hot caressing night just before the rain oh! i ate them all and oh! what a stomach ache green stolen apples the laden wagon runs bumbling and creaking down three peonies tremble i gave the greetings of the bright new year as though i held a plum branch unrequited love! elevate your chin and keen tom-cat, to the moon! see the morning breeze ruffling his so silky hair cool caterpillar in dim dusk and scent a witness now half hidden evenfall orchid white horse tied to fence were the old man's directions for finding his farm oh great blue heron, picket of the spirit world, guard my pond today before boiled chestnuts cross-legged lad is squatting carved wooden buddha when the lamp goes out cool stars enter the window this hot evening hi! kids mimicking cormorants you are more like cormorants than they! at furue in rain gray water and gray sand a picture without lines just after noontime cows wade in a shadeless pond and start bellowing at the fall of night: a branch scratching the window: time to bar the door winter seclusion listening, that evening to rain on the roof one fallen flower returning to the branch? oh no! a white butterfly many solemn nights blond moon, we stand and marvel sleeping our noons away castle in valley like a feudal fairytale of Inuyasha an old silent pond a frog jumps into the pond splash! silence again cruel autumn wind cutting to the very bones of my poor scarecrow wild geese write a line flap flapping across the sky comical dutch script oh do not swat them unhappy flies forever wringing their thin hands a single cricket chirps, chirps, chirps, and is still my candle sinks and dies butterfly asleep folded soft on temple bell then the bronze gong rang! look at the candle! what a hungry wind it is hunting in the snow! night is bright with stars silly woman, whimpering: shall i light the lamp? pebbles shining clear, and clear six silent fishes deep autumn water here, where a thousand captains swore grand conquest tall grass their monument you stupid scarecrow! under your very stick-feet birds are stealing beans! in autumn twilight a scarecrow sags on his pole the crows now at roost winter seclusion listening, that evening to rain on the roof in dim dusk and scent a witness now half hidden evenfall orchid mirror-pond of stars suddenly a summer shower dimples the water such a little child to send to be a priestling icy poverty a lowering sky geese arrow skims the treeline far off to the west tombstones tilt forward as if through long acquaintance yearn to join the dead just after noontime cows wade in a shadeless pond and start bellowing standing still at dusk listen in far distances the song of froglings! a windfall apple a man with merging eyebrows never trust these two white moth, flutter off: fly back into my breast now quickly, my own soul! And now I see them coming through the stormy woods making good speed.  Wolves. glorious the moon therefore our thanks dark clouds come to rest our necks a lost child crying stumbling over the dark fields catching the fireflies wisteria blooms an arbor of hanging grapes wine for bees and wasps rainy month, dripping on and on as i lie abed ah, old man's memories! faraway cloudbanks that I let myself pretend are distant mountains stick-end breaks water then suddenly vanishes a turtle sighting november sunrise uncertain, the cold storks stand bare sticks in water arise from sleep, cat, and with great yawns and stretchings amble out for love carven gods long gone dead leaves alone foregather on the temple porch yellow evening sun long shadow of the scarecrow reaches to the road hanging the lantern on that full white blooming bough exquisite your care! winter solitude- in a world of one colour the sound of the wind at the fall of night: a branch scratching the window: time to bar the door And now I see them coming through the stormy woods making good speed.  Wolves. the fields harvested a sake jug pay enough for a man like me silent the old town the scent of flowers floating and evening bell open mouth reveals your whole wet interior silly hollow frog! the fields harvested a sake jug pay enough for a man like me in these dark waters drawn up from my frozen well glittering of spring like a thing alive rusted gate screeches open even things feel pain all heaven and earth flowered white obliterate snow unceasing snow hanging the lantern on that full white blooming bough exquisite your care! hi! kids mimicking cormorants you are more like cormorants than they! the sea darkening oh voices of the wild ducks crying, whirling, white none broke the silence nor visitor nor host nor white chrysanthemum such a little child to send to be a priestling icy poverty a moon in the pond a moon in the pond-like sky and me in between you stupid scarecrow! under your very stick-feet birds are stealing beans! green pine and blue sky like a match made in heaven white cloud is welcome far across low mist intermittently the lake lifts a snow-white sail such utter silence! even the crickets singing muffled by hot rocks playing hide and seek amongst the cherry blossoms sparrows start my day on this winter pond the wild ducks float quietly like dark fallen leaves none broke the silence nor visitor nor host nor white chrysanthemum in silent midnight our old scarecrow topples down weird hollow echo beneath a tree branch in a gap just large enough the lantern moon hangs words on stone tombstone now weathered shallow trenches like worm tracks on sand winter solitude- in a world of one colour the sound of the wind cloud of cherry bloom tolling twilight bell temple ueno? asakura? "yes, come in!" i cried but at the windy snow-hung gate knocking still went on winter seclusion listening, that evening to rain on the roof cold winter shower see all the people running across the stone bridge! vendor of bright fans carrying his pack of breeze suffocating heat! old weary willows i thought how long the road would be when you were gone words on stone tombstone now weathered shallow trenches like worm tracks on sand rusted gate opens screeching like a thing alive voicing displeasure the fragrance of plums: carrying me back to home childhood's happy time now my loneliness following the bright fireworks look! a falling star! but when i halted on the windy street at noon snow struck against me graven images piles of dry spiritless leaves: temple companions awakened at night by sounds of the water jar cracking from the ice black desolate moor i bow before the buddha lighted in thunder describe plum blossoms? better than my verses, white wordless butterflies a break in the trees an ocean of fields spreads out below the hill's crest swallow in the dusk spare my little buzzing friends among the flowers from out of nowhere wandering clouds give brief rest to moon-beholders describe plum blossoms? better than my verses white wordless butterflies in these dark waters drawn up from my frozen well glittering of spring a ruined treehouse memories of days long past the world bathed in sun for the emperor himself he won't lift his hat a stiff-backed scarecrow dewdrop, let me cleanse here in your brief sweet waters these dark hands of life stupid hot melons rolling like fat idiots out from leafy shade! going snow-viewing one by one the walkers vanish whitely falling veils flat-bottomed rain clouds glide over distant ridgelines like bellies of snails nothing in the cry of cicadas suggests they are about to die while i turned my head that traveler i'd just passed melted into mist so hot this dry month all the world bleached like driftwood grain in stark relief a sudden tavern not dead yet at journey's end but empty pockets in the open shop paperweights on picture books young springtime breezes glorious the moon therefore our thanks dark clouds come to rest our necks graven images piles of dry spiritless leaves: temple companions a lost child crying stumbling over the dark fields catching the fireflies i gave the greetings of the bright new year as though i held a plum branch dirty bathwater where can i pour you?  insects singing in the grass wisteria blooms an arbor of hanging grapes wine for bees and wasps windy winter rain my silly big umbrella tries walking backward the sea darkening oh voices of the wild ducks crying, whirling, white samuri charges bearded face full of fury swordhand full of death a moon in the pond a moon in the pond-like sky and me in between yellow autumn moon unimpressed the scarecrow stands simply looking bored a short summer night but in this solemn darkness one peony bloomed a sharp shovel thrust the half-ends of worms and grubs food for the sapling twilight whippoorwill whistle on sweet deepener of dark loneliness the snake departed but the little eyes that glared dew, shining in grass a camellia dropped down into still waters of a deep dark well a dead leaf stirring crescendo high in the pines the storm-front arrives green shadow dances see our young banana tree pattering the screen visiting the graves trotting on to show the way old family dog hi! kids mimicking cormorants you are more like cormorants than they! forest in winter winds howl in rage and fury with no leaves to blow mountain rose petals falling, falling, falling now waterfall music now my loneliness following the bright fireworks look! a falling star! don't weep, you insects lovers, even stars themselves, given time must part dewdrop, let me cleanse here in your brief sweet waters these dark hands of life a saddening world: flowers whose sweet blooms must fall as we too, alas dancing in my silks money tossed itself away pretty, this paper dress! in the city fields contemplating cherry trees strangers are like friends an old silent pond a frog jumps into the pond splash! silence again describe plum blossoms? better than my verses, white wordless butterflies good friend grasshopper will you play the caretaker for my little grave? flat-bottomed rain clouds glide over distant ridgelines like bellies of snails a jagged bat dance in the Atsuta twilight: spots before old eyes for a cool evening i hired the old temple porch penny in the dish in the twilight rain these brilliant-hued hibiscus a lovely sunset two ancient pine trees pair of gnarled and sturdy hands with ten green fingers winter solitude- in a world of one colour the sound of the wind ah! i intended never never to grow old listen: new year's bell! the red dragon flies a flowing banner across the dark crimson sky before boiled chestnuts cross-legged lad is squatting carved wooden buddha here, where a thousand captains swore grand conquest tall grass their monument like a thing alive rusted gate screeches open even things feel pain a saddening world: flowers whose sweet blooms must fall as we too, alas by that fallen house the pear tree stands full blooming an ancient battle site in the holy dusk nightingales begin their psalm good! the dinner gong! awakened at night: a hound bays, the moon ignores the owl says nothing will we meet again here at your flowering grave two white butterflies? green curls over and white falls under boom boom boom on the sun-bright sand a break in the clouds the moon a bright mountaintop distant and aloof butterflies only fluttering in this warm field a flower banquet a gate made all of twigs, woven grass for hinges for a lock this snail swallow in the dusk spare my little buzzing friends among the flowers seas are wild tonight stretching over the island silent clouds of stars seas are wild tonight stretching over the island silent clouds of stars at furue in rain gray water and gray sand a picture without lines black desolate moor i bow before the buddha lighted in thunder the red dragon flies a flowing banner across the dark crimson sky eleven brave knights canter through the whirling snow not one bends his neck my good father raged when i snapped the peony precious memory! bamboo shoots and my childhood dreams of the forest entwine at my feet i must turn over beware of local earthquakes bedfellow cricket! snow-swallowed valley: only the winding river black fluent brush stroke a break in the clouds the moon a bright mountaintop distant and aloof a break in the clouds the moon a bright mountaintop distant and aloof such a little child to send to be a priestling icy poverty a lost child crying stumbling over the dark fields catching the fireflies vendor of bright fans carrying his pack of breeze suffocating heat! oh lucky beggar! bright heaven and cool earth your summer outfit graven images piles of dry spiritless leaves: temple companions a jagged bat dance in the Atsuta twilight: spots before old eyes Dimming of old eyes Like a veil transcending day heralding the night wee bitter cricket crying all this sunny day or is he laughing? castle in valley like a feudal fairytale of Inuyasha a sunny hillside and look! blueberry bushes! even the dog eats them oh great blue heron, picket of the spirit world, guard my pond today twilight whippoorwill whistle on sweet deepener of dark loneliness plume of pampas grass trembling in every wind hush, my lonely heart words on wood tombstones now rotted, unreadable all is forgotten fireworks ended and spectators gone away and now how vast and dark! temple gongs echo in the hot caressing night just before the rain white cloud of mist above white cherry blossoms dawn shining mountains such a little child to send to be a priestling icy poverty cloud of cherry bloom tolling twilight bell temple ueno? asakura? glorious the moon therefore our thanks dark clouds come to rest our necks two ancient pine trees pair of gnarled and sturdy hands with ten green fingers a sunny hillside and look! blueberry bushes! even the dog eats them the night still and clear the dock floating in blackness my feet in the moon by that fallen house the pear tree stands full blooming an ancient battle site castle in valley like a feudal fairytale of Inuyasha an old silent pond a frog jumps into the pond splash! silence again Dimming of old eyes Like a veil transcending day heralding the night a white swan swimming parting with her unmoved breast cherry-petaled pond in the farther field scarecrow kept me company walking as i walked plume of pampas grass trembling in every wind hush, my lonely heart while i turned my head that traveler i'd just passed melted into mist oh do not swat them unhappy flies forever wringing their thin hands green pine and blue sky like a match made in heaven white cloud is welcome while i turned my head that traveler i'd just passed melted into mist green shadow dances see our young banana tree pattering the screen long the summer day patterns on the ocean sand our idle footprints amorous cat, alas you too must yowl with your love or even worse, without! gritty windblown dust: such a strange harbinger of driving sheets of rain at the fall of night: a branch scratching the window: time to bar the door unrequited love! elevate your chin and keen tom-cat, to the moon! ashes my burnt hut but wonderful the cherry blooming on my hill i gave the greetings of the bright new year as though i held a plum branch while i turned my head that traveler i'd just passed melted into mist asking for their road seven yellow bamboo hats all turned together mirror-pond of stars suddenly a summer shower dimples the water green shadow dances see our young banana tree pattering the screen dry cheerful cricket chirping, keeps the autumn gay scornful of the frost in the bright blue sky a faint moon, a spirit moon searching for the night cloudbank curling low? ah! the mountain yoshino cherry cumulus! the temple bell stops but the sound keeps echoing out of the flowers such a little child to send to be a priestling icy poverty from out of nowhere wandering clouds give brief rest to moon-beholders in the bright blue sky a faint moon, a spirit moon searching for the night for morning-glories i can foresee grave danger single-stick practice! dewdrop, let me cleanse here in your brief sweet waters these dark hands of life flower in the stream thus too my life must end like another flower just after noontime cows wade in a shadeless pond and start bellowing graven images piles of dry spiritless leaves: temple companions under cherry trees soup, the salad, fish and all seasoned with petals now be a good boy take good care of our house cricket my child in the twilight rain these brilliant-hued hibiscus a lovely sunset from dark windy hills voice driving weary horses shouting of the storm far across low mist intermittently the lake lifts a snow-white sail in the bright blue sky a faint moon, a spirit moon, looking out of place women planting rice ugly every bit about them but their ancient song in the bright blue sky a faint moon, a spirit moon searching for the night glorious the moon therefore our thanks dark clouds come to rest our necks on this winter pond the wild ducks float quietly like dark fallen leaves if you were silent flight of herons on dark sky oh! autumn snowflakes! can't it get away from the sticky pine branches cicada singing? dry and light as air the pages of an old book it smells of reading a windfall apple a man with merging eyebrows never trust these two cat on tall bookcase do you think I don't see you or your flicking tail? see the heavy leaf on the silent windless day falls of its own will old dark sleepy pool quick unexpected frog goes plop! a watersplash! oh do not swat them unhappy flies forever wringing their thin hands call him back! ah no, he's blown from sight already fish-peddler in snow if you were silent flight of herons on dark sky oh! autumn snowflakes! Oranged-tinged granite lines the tea-colored river in great southern land in the sea surf edge mingling with bright small seashells bush clover petals women planting rice ugly every bit about them but their ancient song buddha on the hill from your holy nose indeed hangs an icicle a single cricket chirps, chirps, chirps, and is still my candle sinks and dies windy winter rain my silly big umbrella tries walking backward nine times arising to see the moon whose solemn pace marks just midnight flower in the stream thus too my life must end like another flower in this windy nest open your hungry mouth now in vain my stepchild butterfly asleep folded soft on temple bell then the bronze gong rang! flower in the stream thus too my life must end like another flower samuri charges bearded face full of fury swordhand full of death fie! this fickle world! three days neglected cherry- branch and you are bare sadly I part from you like a clam torn from its shell I go with autumn bright red pepper pod it needs but shiny wings, look: darting dragonfly! old weary willows i thought how long the road would be when you were gone nothing in the cry of cicadas suggests they are about to die sick on my journey only my dreams will wander these desolate moors in the open shop paperweights on picture books young springtime breezes describe plum blossoms? better than my verses, white wordless butterflies five or six of us remain, huddled together bent old willow trees bamboo shoots and my childhood dreams of the forest entwine at my feet April's air stirs in willow leaves, a butterfly floats and balances in the holy dusk nightingales begin their psalm good! the dinner gong! glorious the moon therefore our thanks dark clouds come to rest our necks ginger simmers with vinegar in hot steel wok dumplings rolled beside under cherry trees soup, the salad, fish and all seasoned with petals carven gods long gone dead leaves alone foregather on the temple porch sick on my journey only my dreams will wander these desolate moors a flooding river banks unseen, water foaming, invades a forest a lost child crying stumbling over the dark fields catching the fireflies wee bitter cricket crying all this sunny day or is he laughing? mountain rose petals falling, falling, falling now waterfall music the red dragon flies a flowing banner across the dark crimson sky deep in dark forest a woodcutter's axe talking and a woodcutter yellow autumn moon unimpressed the scarecrow stands simply looking bored not a voice or stir darkness lies on fields and streets sad: the moon has set cold first winter rain poor monkey, you too could use a little cape long the summer day patterns on the ocean sand our idle footprints cloudbank curling low? ah! the mountain yoshino cherry cumulus! slanting lines of rain on the dusty samisen a mouse is trotting cloud of cherry bloom tolling twilight bell temple ueno? asakura? glorious the moon therefore our thanks dark clouds come to rest our necks sadness at twilight villain! i have let my hand cut that peony a windfall apple a man with merging eyebrows never trust these two a lowering sky geese arrow skims the treeline far off to the west black desolate moor i bow before the buddha lighted in thunder if strangers threaten turn into fat green bullfrogs pond-cooling melons pretty butterflies watch out for pine needle points in this gusty wind! mountain rose petals falling, falling, falling now waterfall music far across low mist intermittently the lake lifts a snow-white sail a gate made all of twigs, woven grass for hinges for a lock this snail under cherry trees soup, the salad, fish and all seasoned with petals white sails and white clouds strung out on the horizon change their shapes and go thunder and lightning the shaking hut not so bad as the shaking dog taro leaves and twigs awaiting the slow moonrise on the black burnt field what a gorgeous one that fat sleek huge old chestnut i could not get at can't it get away from the sticky pine branches cicada singing? eleven brave knights canter through the whirling snow not one bends his neck so enviable maple-leaves most glorious contemplating death fie! this fickle world! three days neglected cherry- branch and you are bare castle in valley like a feudal fairytale of Inuyasha long the summer day patterns on the ocean sand our idle footprints a windfall apple a man with merging eyebrows never trust these two from dark windy hills voice driving weary horses shouting of the storm silent the old town the scent of flowers floating and evening bell there is such a thing as the pressure of darkness just before the dawn green curls over and white falls under boom boom boom on the sun-bright sand oh former renter i know it all, all down to the deep cold you felt faraway cloudbanks that I let myself pretend are distant mountains a windfall apple a man with merging eyebrows never trust these two such a little child to send to be a priestling icy poverty now my loneliness following the bright fireworks look! a falling star! winter solitude- in a world of one colour the sound of the wind a short summer night but in this solemn darkness one peony bloomed in the bright blue sky: a spirit moon, pale and lost, searching for the night defeated in fray by bigger battlers for love tom cat seeks a mouse a lowering sky geese arrow skims the treeline far off to the west a lowering sky geese arrow skims the treeline far off to the west eleven brave knights canter through the whirling snow not one bends his neck a ruined treehouse memories of days long past the world bathed in sun asking for their road seven yellow bamboo hats all turned together mountain rose petals falling, falling, falling now waterfall music in this windy nest open your hungry mouth now in vain my stepchild in the bright blue sky: a spirit moon, pale and lost, searching for the night while i turned my head that traveler i'd just passed melted into mist see the morning breeze ruffling his so silky hair cool caterpillar a sudden tavern not dead yet at journey's end but empty pockets in the open shop paperweights on picture books young springtime breezes faraway cloudbanks that I let myself pretend are distant mountains good evening breeze! crooked and meandering your homeward journey in the bright blue sky a faint moon, a spirit moon searching for the night oh great blue heron, picket of the spirit world, guard my pond today Oranged-tinged granite lines the tea-colored river in great southern land going snow-viewing one by one the walkers vanish whitely falling veils white moth, flutter off: fly back into my breast now quickly, my own soul! in the holy dusk nightingales begin their psalm good! the dinner gong! sick on my journey only my dreams will wander these desolate moors the fragrance of plums: carrying me back to home childhood's happy time words on stone tombstone now weathered shallow trenches like worm tracks on sand over the mountain bright the full white moon now smiles on the flower swallow in the dusk spare my little buzzing friends among the flowers blossoming white caps has snow returned to water, flowering at sea? voices of two bells that speak from twilight temples ah! cool dialogue cold winter shower see all the people running across the stone bridge! a wintery day from high on my horse I see a frozen shadow can't it get away from the sticky pine branches cicada singing? dirty bathwater where can i pour you?  insects singing in the grass this snowy morning that black crow i hate so much but he's beautiful! a white swan swimming parting with her unmoved breast cherry-petaled pond yellow evening sun long shadow of the scarecrow reaches to the road sadness at twilight villain! i have let my hand cut that peony buddha on the hill from your holy nose indeed hangs an icicle i must turn over beware of local earthquakes bedfellow cricket! women planting rice ugly every bit about them but their ancient song weathered skeleton in windy fields of memory piercing like a knife for a lovely bowl let us arrange these flowers since there is no rice from dark windy hills voice driving weary horses shouting of the storm in the twilight rain these brilliant-hued hibiscus a lovely sunset but when i halted on the windy street at noon snow struck against me a break in the trees an ocean of fields spreads out below the hill's crest ginger simmers with vinegar in hot steel wok dumplings rolled beside a gate made all of twigs, woven grass for hinges for a lock this snail white chrysanthemum before that perfect flower scissors hesitate if you were silent flight of herons on dark sky oh! autumn snowflakes! black cloud bank broken scatters in the night now see moon lighted mountains! mountain rose petals falling, falling, falling now waterfall music long the summer day patterns on the ocean sand our idle footprints cloudbank curling low? ah! the mountain yoshino cherry cumulus! black desolate moor i bow before the buddha lighted in thunder the snake departed but the little eyes that glared dew, shining in grass many solemn nights blond moon, we stand and marvel sleeping our noons away considerate dogs stepping off into the snow as i walk the path darting dragonfly pull off its shiny wings, look: bright red pepper pod! there near the roadside an innkeeper bent and gray pipe smoke on the wind temple gongs echo in the hot caressing night just before the rain a sharp shovel thrust the half-ends of worms and grubs food for the sapling good friend grasshopper will you play the caretaker for my little grave? the snake departed but the little eyes that glared dew, shining in grass fireworks ended and spectators gone away and now how vast and dark! white moth, flutter off: fly back into my breast now quickly, my own soul! autumn mosquitoes buzz me, bite me see, i am long prepared for death quite a hundred gourds sprouting from the fertile soul of a single vine in these dark waters drawn up from my frozen well glittering of spring moon so bright for love! hear the farmer by that light flailing at his rice! i must turn over beware of local earthquakes bedfellow cricket! my two plum trees are so gracious see, they flower one now, one later green shadow dances see our young banana tree pattering the screen in the twilight rain these brilliant-hued hibiscus a lovely sunset stupid hot melons rolling like fat idiots out from leafy shade! seek on high bare trails sky-reflecting violets mountaintop jewels a sunny hillside and look! blueberry bushes! even the dog eats them i must turn over beware of local earthquakes bedfellow cricket! in the holy dusk nightingales begin their psalm good! the dinner gong! my two plum trees are so gracious see, they flower one now, one later the tree cut in Spring dawn breaks so much earlier at my small window old weary willows i thought how long the road would be when you were gone black cloud bank broken scatters in the night now see moon lighted mountains! yellow evening sun long shadow of the scarecrow reaches to the road hi! kids mimicking cormorants you are more like cormorants than they! the laden wagon runs bumbling and creaking down three peonies tremble two ancient pine trees pair of gnarled and sturdy hands with ten green fingers here in my dark hut a square of light from the moon like frost on the ground "yes, come in!" i cried but at the windy snow-hung gate knocking still went on sadness at twilight villain! i have let my hand cut that peony a short summer night but in this solemn darkness one peony bloomed taro leaves and twigs awaiting the slow moonrise on the black burnt field cloud of cherry bloom tolling twilight bell temple ueno? asakura? in the world outside, is it harvest time for rice? girls with muddy feet now be a good boy take good care of our house cricket my child playing hide and seek amongst the cherry blossoms sparrows start my day look at the candle! what a hungry wind it is hunting in the snow! don't weep, you insects lovers, even stars themselves, given time must part see the morning breeze ruffling his so silky hair cool caterpillar mirror-pond of stars suddenly a summer shower dimples the water see: surviving sons visit the ancestral grave bearded, with bent canes a windfall apple a man with merging eyebrows never trust these two dim the grey cow comes mooing mooing and mooing from the morning mist playing hide and seek amongst the cherry blossoms sparrows start my day snow-swallowed valley: only the winding river black fluent brush stroke first autumn morning the mirror I stare into shows my father's face open mouth reveals your whole wet interior silly hollow frog! my two plum trees are so gracious see, they flower one now, one later white plate with tuna seared lightly in vinegar pink sake fills cup in the world outside, is it harvest time for rice? girls with muddy feet carven gods long gone dead leaves alone foregather on the temple porch giddy grasshopper take care, do not leap and crush these pearls of dewdrop a sunny hillside and look! blueberry bushes! even the dog eats them in hills near Honshu sharply-edged temple archways cut round-bellied trees by that fallen house the pear tree stands full blooming an ancient battle site peony petal fell in silent dawn spilling a water jewel giddy grasshopper take care, do not leap and crush these pearls of dewdrop giddy grasshopper take care, do not leap and crush these pearls of dewdrop butterfly asleep folded soft on temple bell then the bronze gong rang! from dark windy hills voice driving weary horses shouting of the storm this snowy morning that black crow i hate so much but he's beautiful! all heaven and earth flowered white obliterate snow unceasing snow now that eyes of hawks in dusky night are darkened chirping of the quails dry and light as air the pages of an old book it smells of reading weathered skeleton in windy fields of memory piercing like a knife between our two lives there is also the life of the cherry blossom i must turn over beware of local earthquakes bedfellow cricket! descending seaward far-off mountain waterfall winter nights are still wee bitter cricket crying all this sunny day or is he laughing? in hills near Honshu sharply-edged temple archways cut round-bellied trees oh do not swat them unhappy flies forever wringing their thin hands green shadow dances see our young banana tree pattering the screen a break in the trees an ocean of fields spreads out below the hill's crest a white swan swimming parting with her unmoved breast cherry-petaled pond Dimming of old eyes Like a veil transcending day heralding the night oh former renter i know it all, all down to the deep cold you felt the old fisherman unalterably intent cold evening rain there near the roadside an innkeeper bent and gray pipe smoke on the wind "yes, come in!" i cried but at the windy snow-hung gate knocking still went on visiting the graves trotting on to show the way old family dog taro leaves and twigs awaiting the slow moonrise on the black burnt field snow-swallowed valley: only the winding river black fluent brush stroke peony petal fell in silent dawn spilling a water jewel here in my dark hut a square of light from the moon like frost on the ground in the bright blue sky a faint moon, a spirit moon searching for the night winter solitude- in a world of one colour the sound of the wind describe plum blossoms? better than my verses, white wordless butterflies a flooding river banks unseen, water foaming, invades a forest describe plum blossoms? better than my verses white wordless butterflies weathered skeleton in windy fields of memory piercing like a knife ah! i intended never never to grow old listen: new year's bell! quite a hundred gourds sprouting from the fertile soul of a single vine quite a hundred gourds sprouting from the fertile soul of a single vine standing still at dusk listen in far distances the song of froglings! yellow evening sun long shadow of the scarecrow reaches to the road chilling autumn rain the moon, too bright for showers, slips from their fingers a windfall apple a man with merging eyebrows never trust these two many solemn nights blond moon, we stand and marvel sleeping our noons away cold first winter rain poor monkey, you too could use a little cape flower in the stream thus too my life must end like another flower my two plum trees are so gracious see, they flower one now, one later unrequited love! elevate your chin and keen tom-cat, to the moon! no oil to read by i am off to bed  but ah! my moonlit pillow a break in the clouds the moon a bright mountaintop distant and aloof beneath a tree branch in a gap just large enough the lantern moon hangs good evening breeze! crooked and meandering your homeward journey eleven brave knights canter through the whirling snow not one bends his neck for the emperor himself he won't lift his hat a stiff-backed scarecrow green pine and blue sky like a match made in heaven white cloud is welcome the laden wagon runs bumbling and creaking down three peonies tremble blossoming white caps has snow returned to water, flowering at sea? giddy grasshopper take care, do not leap and crush these pearls of dewdrop before boiled chestnuts cross-legged lad is squatting carved wooden buddha i gave the greetings of the bright new year as though i held a plum branch while i turned my head that traveler i'd just passed melted into mist while i turned my head that traveler i'd just passed melted into mist the still summer pond willow tendrils caress it like a lover's face just after noontime cows wade in a shadeless pond and start bellowing weathered skeleton in windy fields of memory piercing like a knife the snake departed but the little eyes that glared dew, shining in grass lend me water please? some fresh young morning glory, careless took my well first autumn morning the mirror I stare into shows my father's face descending seaward far-off mountain waterfall winter nights are still a nursemaid scarecrow frightening the wind and sun from playing baby now that eyes of hawks in dusky night are darkened chirping of the quails moon so bright for love! come closer, quilt and enfold my passionate cold! cat on tall bookcase do you think I don't see you or your flicking tail? yellow evening sun long shadow of the scarecrow reaches to the road lend me water please? some fresh young morning glory, careless took my well you stupid scarecrow! under your very stick-feet birds are stealing beans! standing still at dusk listen in far distances the song of froglings! bamboo shoots and my childhood dreams of the forest entwine at my feet oh! i ate them all and oh! what a stomach ache green stolen apples flat-bottomed rain clouds glide over distant ridgelines like bellies of snails curious flower watching us pass, met its death our hungry donkey rash tomcat lover careless even of that rice stuck in your whiskers like a thing alive rusted gate screeches open even things feel pain yellow autumn moon unimpressed the scarecrow stands simply looking bored fireworks ended and spectators gone away and now how vast and dark! considerate dogs stepping off into the snow as i walk the path if you were silent flight of herons on dark sky oh! autumn snowflakes! moon so bright for love! hear the farmer by that light flailing at his rice! torches! come and see the burglar i have captured oh! my eldest son! old weary willows i thought how long the road would be when you were gone in the bright blue sky: a spirit moon, pale and lost, searching for the night clouds in the distance for a moment I believe I see blue mountains clouds in the distance for a moment I believe I see blue mountains what a peony demanding to be measured by my little fan! there is such a thing as the pressure of darkness just before the dawn if strangers threaten turn into fat green bullfrogs pond-cooling melons standing still at dusk listen in far distances the song of froglings! weathered skeleton in windy fields of memory piercing like a knife one fallen flower returning to the branch? oh no! a white butterfly stick-end breaks water then suddenly vanishes a turtle sighting seek on high bare trails sky-reflecting violets mountaintop jewels black desolate moor i bow before the buddha lighted in thunder sick on my journey only my dreams will wander these desolate moors mirror-pond of stars suddenly a summer shower dimples the water in the open shop paperweights on picture books young springtime breezes fireworks ended and spectators gone away and now how vast and dark! in the world outside, is it harvest time for rice? girls with muddy feet rainy month, dripping on and on as i lie abed ah, old man's memories! at the fall of night: a branch scratching the window: time to bar the door wee bitter cricket crying all this sunny day or is he laughing? tombstones tilt forward as if through long acquaintance yearn to join the dead oh sorry tom cat bigger blacker knights of love have knocked you out! an old silent pond a frog jumps into the pond splash! silence again deep in dark forest a woodcutter's axe talking and a woodcutter so hot this dry month squirrels lie flat on pine limbs ignoring their fleas what a peony demanding to be measured by my little fan! autumn mosquitoes buzz me, bite me see, i am long prepared for death a rotting pumpkin collapsed and covered in flies eases back to earth tombstones tilt forward as if through long acquaintance yearn to join the dead torches! come and see the burglar i have captured oh! my eldest son! winter rain deepens lichened letters on the grave and my old sadness dancing in my silks money tossed itself away pretty, this paper dress! i must turn over beware of local earthquakes bedfellow cricket! amorous cat, alas you too must yowl with your love or even worse, without! in the holy dusk nightingales begin their psalm good! the dinner gong! november sunrise uncertain, the cold storks stand bare sticks in water winter seclusion listening, that evening to rain on the roof chilling autumn rain the moon, too bright for showers, slips from their fingers swallow in the dusk spare my little buzzing friends among the flowers giddy grasshopper take care, do not leap and crush these pearls of dewdrop such a little child to send to be a priestling icy poverty silent the old town the scent of flowers floating and evening bell if strangers threaten turn into fat green bullfrogs pond-cooling melons "yes, come in!" i cried but at the windy snow-hung gate knocking still went on wake! the sky is light! let us to the road again friendly butterfly! chilling autumn rain the moon, too bright for showers, slips from their fingers shocking the red of lacquered fingernails against white chrysanthemum white plate with tuna seared lightly in vinegar pink sake fills cup by the dying fire dogs twist and curl into balls content just to be oh! i ate them all and oh! what a stomach ache green stolen apples now the swinging bridge is quieted with creepers like our tendrilled life Dimming of old eyes Like a veil transcending day heralding the night a sunny hillside and look! blueberry bushes! even the dog eats them thunder and lightning the shaking hut not so bad as the shaking dog in the bright blue sky: a spirit moon, pale and lost, searching for the night a wintery day from high on my horse I see a frozen shadow angry i strode home but stooping in my garden calm old willow tree beneath a tree branch in a gap just large enough the lantern moon hangs there is such a thing as the pressure of darkness just before the dawn before boiled chestnuts cross-legged lad is squatting carved wooden buddha in the city fields contemplating cherry trees strangers are like friends the sea darkening oh voices of the wild ducks crying, whirling, white under cherry trees soup, the salad, fish and all seasoned with petals rainy month, dripping on and on as i lie abed ah, old man's memories! dim the grey cow comes mooing mooing and mooing from the morning mist gritty windblown dust: such a strange harbinger of driving sheets of rain now my loneliness following the bright fireworks look! a falling star! snow-swallowed valley: only the winding river black fluent brush stroke reciting scriptures strange the wondrous blue i find in morning glories arise from sleep, cat, and with great yawns and stretchings amble out for love wild geese write a line flap flapping across the sky comical dutch script faraway cloudbanks that I let myself pretend are distant mountains one fallen flower returning to the branch? oh no! a white butterfly a wintery day from high on my horse I see a frozen shadow white cloud of mist above white cherry blossoms dawn shining mountains wisteria blooms an arbor of hanging grapes wine for bees and wasps winter seclusion listening, that evening to rain on the roof so hot this dry month squirrels lie flat on pine limbs ignoring their fleas a splash in the pond bugs once floating in the moon now supper for trout far across low mist intermittently the lake lifts a snow-white sail Oranged-tinged granite lines the tea-colored river in great southern land against the bright moon a broken cedar still stands like me defiant gritty windblown dust: such a strange harbinger of driving sheets of rain can't it get away from the sticky pine branches cicada singing? amorous cat, alas you too must yowl with your love or even worse, without! white plate and white cup tuna seared in vinegar sake pink and chilled good friend grasshopper will you play the caretaker for my little grave? dim the grey cow comes mooing mooing and mooing from the morning mist bamboo shoots and my childhood dreams of the forest entwine at my feet the temple bell stops but the sound keeps echoing out of the flowers old dark sleepy pool quick unexpected frog goes plop! a watersplash! there near the roadside an innkeeper bent and gray pipe smoke on the wind tombstones tilt forward as if through long acquaintance yearn to join the dead black cloud bank broken scatters in the night now see moon lighted mountains! autumn mosquitoes buzz me, bite me see, i am long prepared for death twilight whippoorwill whistle on sweet deepener of dark loneliness sick on my journey only my dreams will wander these desolate moors hi! kids mimicking cormorants you are more like cormorants than they! sadly I part from you like a clam torn from its shell I go with autumn a rotting pumpkin collapsed and covered in flies eases back to earth standing still at dusk listen in far distances the song of froglings! oh great blue heron, picket of the spirit world, guard my pond today between our two lives there is also the life of the cherry blossom winter solitude- in a world of one colour the sound of the wind giddy grasshopper take care, do not leap and crush these pearls of dewdrop wild geese write a line flap flapping across the sky comical dutch script for morning-glories i can foresee grave danger single-stick practice! angry i strode home but stooping in my garden calm old willow tree describe plum blossoms? better than my verses, white wordless butterflies now in late autumn look, on my old rubbish heap blue morning glory mountain rose petals falling, falling, falling now waterfall music in the farther field scarecrow kept me company walking as i walked black desolate moor i bow before the buddha lighted in thunder white chrysanthemum before that perfect flower scissors hesitate wisteria blooms an arbor of hanging grapes wine for bees and wasps a splash in the pond bugs once floating in the moon now supper for trout a gate made all of twigs, woven grass for hinges for a lock this snail all heaven and earth flowered white obliterate snow unceasing snow now my loneliness following the bright fireworks look! a falling star! many solemn nights blond moon, we stand and marvel sleeping our noons away green shadow dances see our young banana tree pattering the screen a splash in the pond bugs once floating in the moon now supper for trout at furue in rain gray water and gray sand a picture without lines don't weep, you insects lovers, even stars themselves, given time must part Oranged-tinged granite lines the tea-colored river in great southern land crossing it alone in cold moonlight the brittle bridge echoes my steps giddy grasshopper take care, do not leap and crush these pearls of dewdrop see: surviving sons visit the ancestral grave bearded, with bent canes for the emperor himself he won't lift his hat a stiff-backed scarecrow descending seaward far-off mountain waterfall winter nights are still a saddening world: flowers whose sweet blooms must fall as we too, alas tombstones tilt forward as if through long acquaintance yearn to join the dead if there were fragrance these heavy snowflakes settling lilies on the rocks lonely umbrella passing the house at twilight first snow  falling soft five or six of us remain, huddled together bent old willow trees fireworks ended and spectators gone away and now how vast and dark! in silent midnight our old scarecrow topples down weird hollow echo in the world outside, is it harvest time for rice? girls with muddy feet why so scrawny, cat? starving for fat fish or mice or a backyard love? autumn mosquitoes buzz me, bite me see, i am long prepared for death voices of two bells that speak from twilight temples ah! cool dialogue reciting scriptures strange the wondrous blue i find in morning glories now the swinging bridge is quieted with creepers like our tendrilled life dirty bathwater where can i pour you?  insects singing in the grass eleven brave knights canter through the whirling snow not one bends his neck such a little child to send to be a priestling icy poverty white plate with tuna seared lightly in vinegar pink sake fills cup in the city fields contemplating cherry trees strangers are like friends a rotting pumpkin collapsed and covered in flies eases back to earth a nursemaid scarecrow frightening the wind and sun from playing baby winter rain deepens lichened letters on the grave and my old sadness at our last parting bending between boat and shore that weeping willow black desolate moor i bow before the buddha lighted in thunder take the round flat moon snap this twig for a handle what a pretty fan! now from cherry trees millions of maidens flying from fierce warlord storm in hills near Honshu sharply-edged temple archways cut round-bellied trees if there were fragrance these heavy snowflakes settling lilies on the rocks standing still at dusk listen in far distances the song of froglings! dead my old fine hopes and dry my dreaming but still iris, blue each spring windy winter rain my silly big umbrella tries walking backward seas are wild tonight stretching over the island silent clouds of stars cold winter shower see all the people running across the stone bridge! flower in the stream thus too my life must end like another flower nine times arising to see the moon whose solemn pace marks just midnight my shadowy path i've swept all day and now oh no! a camellia shower! cat on tall bookcase do you think I don't see you or your flicking tail? a far bank of clouds that I let myself pretend are distant mountains this snowy morning that black crow i hate so much but he's beautiful! the temple bell stops but the sound keeps echoing out of the flowers cloud of cherry bloom tolling twilight bell temple ueno? asakura? old weary willows i thought how long the road would be when you were gone gray marsh and black cloud flapping in autumn rain last old slow heron reciting scriptures strange the wondrous blue i find in morning glories a sunny hillside and look! blueberry bushes! even the dog eats them in mountain twilight hills become just faint gray clouds drifting off in waves reciting scriptures strange the wondrous blue i find in morning glories gritty windblown dust: such a strange harbinger of driving sheets of rain at the fall of night: a branch scratching the window: time to bar the door green curls over and white falls under boom boom boom on the sun-bright sand a moon in the pond a moon in the pond-like sky and me in between far across low mist intermittently the lake lifts a snow-white sail oh lucky beggar! bright heaven and cool earth your summer outfit wee bitter cricket crying all this sunny day or is he laughing? a rotting pumpkin collapsed and covered in flies eases back to earth such a little child to send to be a priestling icy poverty now in late autumn look, on my old rubbish heap blue morning glory toward those short trees we saw a hawk descending on a day in spring a lowering sky geese arrow skims the treeline far off to the west asking for their road seven yellow bamboo hats all turned together thunder and lightning the shaking hut not so bad as the shaking dog this cool gentle mist born of thunder and fury underneath the falls before boiled chestnuts cross-legged lad is squatting carved wooden buddha words on stone tombstone now weathered shallow trenches like worm tracks on sand live in simple faith just as this trusting cherry flowers, fades, and falls peony petal fell in silent dawn spilling a water jewel the night still and clear the dock floating in blackness my feet in the moon thunder and lightning the shaking hut not so bad as the shaking dog oh sorry tom cat bigger blacker knights of love have knocked you out! windy winter rain my silly big umbrella tries walking backward Dimming of old eyes Like a veil transcending day heralding the night deepen, drop, and die many-hued chrysanthemums one black earth for all chilling autumn rain the moon, too bright for showers, slips from their fingers a rotting pumpkin collapsed and covered in flies eases back to earth a single dewdrop shining brightly on a rock like a lost diamond this cool gentle mist born of thunder and fury underneath the falls here, where a thousand captains swore grand conquest tall grass their monument a single dewdrop shining brightly on a rock like a lost diamond pretty butterflies watch out for pine needle points in this gusty wind! look at the candle! what a hungry wind it is hunting in the snow! here in my dark hut a square of light from the moon like frost on the ground swallow in the dusk spare my little buzzing friends among the flowers like a thing alive rusted gate screeches open even things feel pain pebbles shining clear, and clear six silent fishes deep autumn water first white snow of fall just enough to bend the leaves of faded daffodils now that eyes of hawks in dusky night are darkened chirping of the quails swallow in the dusk spare my little buzzing friends among the flowers beneath a tree branch in a gap just large enough the lantern moon hangs at furue in rain gray water and gray sand a picture without lines a wintery day from high on my horse I see a frozen shadow see the morning breeze ruffling his so silky hair cool caterpillar the night still and clear the dock floating in blackness my feet in the moon sick on my journey only my dreams will wander these desolate moors forest in winter winds howl in rage and fury with no leaves to blow mountain rose petals falling, falling, falling now waterfall music rusted gate opens screeching like a thing alive voicing displeasure green shadow dances see our young banana tree pattering the screen one fallen flower returning to the branch? oh no! a white butterfly hard the beggar's bed but sociable and busy with insect-talking open mouth reveals your whole wet interior silly hollow frog! lonely umbrella passing the house at twilight first snow  falling soft white sails and white clouds: my far-away horizon, is their here and now so hot this dry month all the world bleached like driftwood grain in stark relief no oil to read by i am off to bed  but ah! my moonlit pillow for a cool evening i hired the old temple porch penny in the dish green pine and blue sky like a match made in heaven white cloud is welcome see the morning breeze ruffling his so silky hair cool caterpillar bright red pepper pod it needs but shiny wings, look: darting dragonfly! from out of nowhere wandering clouds give brief rest to moon-beholders crossing it alone in cold moonlight the brittle bridge echoes my steps beneath a tree branch in a gap just large enough the lantern moon hangs in silent midnight our old scarecrow topples down weird hollow echo words on stone tombstone now weathered shallow trenches like worm tracks on sand in these dark waters drawn up from my frozen well glittering of spring a wintery day from high on my horse I see a frozen shadow old weary willows i thought how long the road would be when you were gone slanting lines of rain on the dusty samisen a mouse is trotting seek on high bare trails sky-reflecting violets mountaintop jewels deep in dark forest a woodcutter's axe talking and a woodcutter by the dying fire dogs twist and curl into balls content just to be a field of tall grass: all that remains of dreams of ancient warriors winter seclusion listening, that evening to rain on the roof voices of two bells that speak from twilight temples ah! cool dialogue wee bitter cricket crying all this sunny day or is he laughing? fie! this fickle world! three days neglected cherry- branch and you are bare in the twilight rain these brilliant-hued hibiscus a lovely sunset so hot this dry month squirrels lie flat on pine limbs ignoring their fleas under cherry trees soup, the salad, fish and all seasoned with petals yellow autumn moon unimpressed the scarecrow stands simply looking bored "yes, come in!" i cried but at the windy snow-hung gate knocking still went on shocking the red of lacquered fingernails against white chrysanthemum thunder and lightning the shaking hut not so bad as the shaking dog no oil to read by i am off to bed  but ah! my moonlit pillow moon so bright for love! come closer, quilt and enfold my passionate cold! cat on tall bookcase do you think I don't see you or your flicking tail? blossoming white caps has snow returned to water, flowering at sea? blossoming white caps has snow returned to water, flowering at sea? sick on my journey only my dreams will wander these desolate moors reciting scriptures strange the wondrous blue i find in morning glories awakened at night by sounds of the water jar cracking from the ice if strangers threaten turn into fat green bullfrogs pond-cooling melons nine times arising to see the moon whose solemn pace marks just midnight oh! i ate them all and oh! what a stomach ache green stolen apples the sea darkening oh voices of the wild ducks crying, whirling, white moss-covered boulder heavy roots in piles of leaves a stop in the woods flat-bottomed rain clouds glide over distant ridgelines like bellies of snails can't it get away from the sticky pine branches cicada singing? roaring winter storm rushing to its utter end ever-sounding sea sick on my journey only my dreams will wander these desolate moors two ancient pine trees pair of gnarled and sturdy hands with ten green fingers in the holy dusk nightingales begin their psalm good! the dinner gong! moon so bright for love! hear the farmer by that light flailing at his rice! plume of pampas grass trembling in every wind hush, my lonely heart cloud of cherry bloom tolling twilight bell temple ueno? asakura? by that fallen house the pear tree stands full blooming an ancient battle site live in simple faith just as this trusting cherry flowers, fades, and falls from dark windy hills voice driving weary horses shouting of the storm now the swinging bridge is quieted with creepers like our tendrilled life hanging the lantern on that full white blooming bough exquisite your care! white moth, flutter off: fly back into my breast now quickly, my own soul! oh great blue heron, picket of the spirit world, guard my pond today if strangers threaten turn into fat green bullfrogs pond-cooling melons castle in valley like a feudal fairytale of Inuyasha sadly I part from you like a clam torn from its shell I go with autumn good evening breeze! crooked and meandering your homeward journey at furue in rain gray water and gray sand a picture without lines no oil to read by i am off to bed  but ah! my moonlit pillow here in my dark hut a square of light from the moon like frost on the ground now my loneliness following the bright fireworks look! a falling star! all heaven and earth flowered white obliterate snow unceasing snow rusted gate opens screeching like a thing alive voicing displeasure sadly I part from you like a clam torn from its shell I go with autumn a break in the clouds the moon a bright mountaintop distant and aloof carven gods long gone dead leaves alone foregather on the temple porch see the heavy leaf on the silent windless day falls of its own will my two plum trees are so gracious see, they flower one now, one later swallow in the dusk spare my little buzzing friends among the flowers i must turn over beware of local earthquakes bedfellow cricket! white plate and white cup tuna seared in vinegar sake pink and chilled beneath a tree branch in a gap just large enough the lantern moon hangs blossoming white caps has snow returned to water, flowering at sea? the still summer pond willow tendrils caress it like a lover's face the fields harvested a sake jug pay enough for a man like me "yes, come in!" i cried but at the windy snow-hung gate knocking still went on fireworks ended and spectators gone away and now how vast and dark! an old silent pond a frog jumps into the pond splash! silence again in the bright blue sky a faint moon, a spirit moon searching for the night wild geese write a line flap flapping across the sky comical dutch script dim the grey cow comes mooing mooing and mooing from the morning mist the swift moon racing the branches still holding rain a chorus of frogs will we meet again here at your flowering grave two white butterflies? like a thing alive rusted gate screeches open even things feel pain white cloud of mist above white cherry blossoms dawn shining mountains nothing in the cry of cicadas suggests they are about to die describe plum blossoms? better than my verses, white wordless butterflies the fragrance of plums: carrying me back to home childhood's happy time first white snow of fall just enough to bend the leaves of faded daffodils on this winter pond the wild ducks float quietly like dark fallen leaves moon so bright for love! come closer, quilt and enfold my passionate cold! pretty butterflies watch out for pine needle points in this gusty wind! dim the grey cow comes mooing mooing and mooing from the morning mist you stupid scarecrow! under your very stick-feet birds are stealing beans! if there were fragrance these heavy snowflakes settling lilies on the rocks giddy grasshopper take care, do not leap and crush these pearls of dewdrop a single dewdrop shining brightly on a rock like a lost diamond two ancient pine trees pair of gnarled and sturdy hands with ten green fingers silent the old town the scent of flowers floating and evening bell white horse tied to fence were the old man's directions for finding his farm the old fisherman unalterably intent cold evening rain windy winter rain my silly big umbrella tries walking backward for a lovely bowl let us arrange these flowers since there is no rice night is bright with stars silly woman, whimpering: shall i light the lamp? sitting quietly doing nothing yet Spring comes grass grows by itself at our last parting bending between boat and shore that weeping willow between our two lives there is also the life of the cherry blossom will we meet again here at your flowering grave two white butterflies? good evening breeze! crooked and meandering your homeward journey rash tomcat lover careless even of that rice stuck in your whiskers quite a hundred gourds sprouting from the fertile soul of a single vine shocking the red of lacquered fingernails against white chrysanthemum the red dragon flies a flowing banner across the dark crimson sky not a voice or stir darkness lies on fields and streets sad: the moon has set in the world outside, is it harvest time for rice? girls with muddy feet white plate and white cup tuna seared in vinegar sake pink and chilled in the bright blue sky a faint moon, a spirit moon searching for the night a camellia dropped down into still waters of a deep dark well pretty butterflies watch out for pine needle points in this gusty wind! mountain rose petals falling, falling, falling now waterfall music there is such a thing as the pressure of darkness just before the dawn if there were fragrance these heavy snowflakes settling lilies on the rocks a gate made all of twigs, woven grass for hinges for a lock this snail dim the grey cow comes mooing mooing and mooing from the morning mist in the holy dusk nightingales begin their psalm good! the dinner gong! but when i halted on the windy street at noon snow struck against me in the twilight rain these brilliant-hued hibiscus a lovely sunset on this lonely road my horse shies and throws its head white tombstone at night standing still at dusk listen in far distances the song of froglings! long the summer day patterns on the ocean sand our idle footprints cloudbank curling low? ah! the mountain yoshino cherry cumulus! ashes my burnt hut but wonderful the cherry blooming on my hill don't weep, you insects lovers, even stars themselves, given time must part seek on high bare trails sky-reflecting violets mountaintop jewels deep in dark forest a woodcutter's axe talking and a woodcutter butterfly asleep folded soft on temple bell then the bronze gong rang! here, where a thousand captains swore grand conquest tall grass their monument before boiled chestnuts cross-legged lad is squatting carved wooden buddha the temple bell stops but the sound keeps echoing out of the flowers the red dragon flies a flowing banner across the dark crimson sky i gave the greetings of the bright new year as though i held a plum branch mirror-pond of stars suddenly a summer shower dimples the water ballet in the air twin butterflies until, twice white they meet, they mate from dark windy hills voice driving weary horses shouting of the storm winter rain deepens lichened letters on the grave and my old sadness a sharp shovel thrust the half-ends of worms and grubs food for the sapling a lowering sky geese arrow skims the treeline far off to the west five or six of us remain, huddled together bent old willow trees voices of two bells that speak from twilight temples ah! cool dialogue now in sad autumn as i take my darkening path a solitary bird a jagged bat dance in the Atsuta twilight: spots before old eyes on this winter pond the wild ducks float quietly like dark fallen leaves windy winter rain my silly big umbrella tries walking backward roaring winter storm rushing to its utter end ever-sounding sea yellow autumn moon unimpressed the scarecrow stands simply looking bored the night still and clear the dock floating in blackness my feet in the moon deepen, drop, and die many-hued chrysanthemums one black earth for all stick-end breaks water then suddenly vanishes a turtle sighting green pine and blue sky like a match made in heaven white cloud is welcome in the bright blue sky a pale moon, a spirit moon looking out of place at our last parting bending between boat and shore that weeping willow a single cricket chirps, chirps, chirps, and is still my candle sinks and dies a lost child crying stumbling over the dark fields catching the fireflies a flooding river banks unseen, water foaming, invades a forest autumn mosquitoes buzz me, bite me see, i am long prepared for death plume of pampas grass trembling in every wind hush, my lonely heart awakened at night by sounds of the water jar cracking from the ice white plate with tuna seared lightly in vinegar pink sake fills cup all heaven and earth flowered white obliterate snow unceasing snow going snow-viewing one by one the walkers vanish whitely falling veils in the twilight rain these brilliant-hued hibiscus a lovely sunset you stupid scarecrow! under your very stick-feet birds are stealing beans! white moth, flutter off: fly back into my breast now quickly, my own soul! in these dark waters drawn up from my frozen well glittering of spring arise from sleep, cat, and with great yawns and stretchings amble out for love in the bright blue sky: a spirit moon, pale and lost, searching for the night so enviable maple-leaves most glorious contemplating death in silent midnight our old scarecrow topples down weird hollow echo all heaven and earth flowered white obliterate snow unceasing snow such utter silence! even the crickets singing muffled by hot rocks a rotting pumpkin collapsed and covered in flies eases back to earth castle in valley like a feudal fairytale of Inuyasha my good father raged when i snapped the peony precious memory! defeated in fray by bigger battlers for love tom cat seeks a mouse a dead leaf stirring crescendo high in the pines the storm-front arrives if you were silent flight of herons on dark sky oh! autumn snowflakes! a rotting pumpkin collapsed and covered in flies eases back to earth amorous cat, alas you too must yowl with your love or even worse, without! this cool gentle mist born of thunder and fury underneath the falls curious flower watching us pass, met its death our hungry donkey a saddening world: flowers whose sweet blooms must fall as we too, alas the tree cut in Spring dawn breaks so much earlier at my small window i must turn over beware of local earthquakes bedfellow cricket! peony petal fell in silent dawn spilling a water jewel if strangers threaten turn into fat green bullfrogs pond-cooling melons all heaven and earth flowered white obliterate snow unceasing snow the old fisherman unalterably intent cold evening rain glorious the moon therefore our thanks dark clouds come to rest our necks old dark sleepy pool quick unexpected frog goes plop! a watersplash! a wintery day from high on my horse I see a frozen shadow bright red pepper pod it needs but shiny wings, look: darting dragonfly! vendor of bright fans carrying his pack of breeze suffocating heat! call him back! ah no, he's blown from sight already fish-peddler in snow toward those short trees we saw a hawk descending on a day in spring a single dewdrop shining brightly on a rock like a lost diamond for the emperor himself he won't lift his hat a stiff-backed scarecrow stupid hot melons rolling like fat idiots out from leafy shade! here in my dark hut a square of light from the moon like frost on the ground flower in the stream thus too my life must end like another flower will we meet again here at your flowering grave two white butterflies? far across low mist intermittently the lake lifts a snow-white sail at the fall of night: a branch scratching the window: time to bar the door samuri charges bearded face full of fury swordhand full of death darting dragonfly pull off its shiny wings, look: bright red pepper pod! so enviable maple-leaves most glorious contemplating death green pine and blue sky like a match made in heaven white cloud is welcome the night still and clear the dock floating in blackness my feet in the moon deep in dark forest a woodcutter's axe talking and a woodcutter night is bright with stars silly woman, whimpering: shall i light the lamp? gritty windblown dust: such a strange harbinger of driving sheets of rain ginger simmers with vinegar in hot steel wok dumplings rolled beside many solemn nights blond moon, we stand and marvel sleeping our noons away moon so bright for love! come closer, quilt and enfold my passionate cold! the fields harvested a sake jug pay enough for a man like me in silent midnight our old scarecrow topples down weird hollow echo now be a good boy take good care of our house cricket my child for a cool evening i hired the old temple porch penny in the dish the sea darkening oh voices of the wild ducks crying, whirling, white the temple bell stops but the sound keeps echoing out of the flowers in hills near Honshu sharply-edged temple archways cut round-bellied trees winter solitude- in a world of one colour the sound of the wind windy winter rain my silly big umbrella tries walking backward glorious the moon therefore our thanks dark clouds come to rest our necks ah me! i am one who spends his little breakfast morningglory gazing words on stone tombstone now weathered shallow trenches like worm tracks on sand if there were fragrance these heavy snowflakes settling lilies on the rocks like a thing alive rusted gate screeches open even things feel pain but when i halted on the windy street at noon snow struck against me lonely umbrella passing the house at twilight first snow  falling soft ah me! i am one who spends his little breakfast morningglory gazing ashes my burnt hut but wonderful the cherry blooming on my hill buzzing the bee trades peony for peony with the butterfly white chrysanthemum before that perfect flower scissors hesitate a gate made all of twigs, woven grass for hinges for a lock this snail rusted gate opens screeching like a thing alive voicing displeasure while i turned my head that traveler i'd just passed melted into mist white sails and white clouds: my far-away horizon, is their here and now white plate with tuna seared lightly in vinegar pink sake fills cup a wintery day from high on my horse I see a frozen shadow white horse tied to fence were the old man's directions for finding his farm graven images piles of dry spiritless leaves: temple companions ballet in the air twin butterflies until, twice white they meet, they mate here in my dark hut a square of light from the moon like frost on the ground november sunrise uncertain, the cold storks stand bare sticks in water buzzing the bee trades peony for peony with the butterfly see: surviving sons visit the ancestral grave bearded, with bent canes fireworks ended and spectators gone away and now how vast and dark! winter seclusion listening, that evening to rain on the roof fie! this fickle world! three days neglected cherry- branch and you are bare the swift moon racing the branches still holding rain a chorus of frogs a windfall apple a man with merging eyebrows never trust these two seek on high bare trails sky-reflecting violets mountaintop jewels moon so bright for love! hear the farmer by that light flailing at his rice! describe plum blossoms? better than my verses, white wordless butterflies pretty butterflies watch out for pine needle points in this gusty wind! an old silent pond a frog jumps into the pond splash! silence again lonely umbrella passing the house at twilight first snow  falling soft sick on my journey only my dreams will wander these desolate moors temple gongs echo in the hot caressing night just before the rain oh do not swat them unhappy flies forever wringing their thin hands at our last parting bending between boat and shore that weeping willow why so scrawny, cat? starving for fat fish or mice or a backyard love? the tree cut in Spring dawn breaks so much earlier at my small window oh great blue heron, picket of the spirit world, guard my pond today sitting quietly doing nothing yet Spring comes grass grows by itself dry and light as air the pages of an old book it smells of reading for morning-glories i can foresee grave danger single-stick practice! butterfly asleep folded soft on temple bell then the bronze gong rang! a nursemaid scarecrow frightening the wind and sun from playing baby swallow in the dusk spare my little buzzing friends among the flowers snow-swallowed valley: only the winding river black fluent brush stroke not a voice or stir darkness lies on fields and streets sad: the moon has set peony petal fell in silent dawn spilling a water jewel from out of nowhere wandering clouds give brief rest to moon-beholders deepen, drop, and die many-hued chrysanthemums one black earth for all going snow-viewing one by one the walkers vanish whitely falling veils white plate with tuna seared lightly in vinegar pink sake fills cup now that eyes of hawks in dusky night are darkened chirping of the quails green curls over and white falls under boom boom boom on the sun-bright sand black desolate moor i bow before the buddha lighted in thunder lend me water please? some fresh young morning glory, careless took my well in dim dusk and scent a witness now half hidden evenfall orchid seek on high bare trails sky-reflecting violets mountaintop jewels do your worst, old frost you can no longer wound me -last chrysanthemum moss-covered boulder heavy roots in piles of leaves a stop in the woods green curls over and white falls under boom boom boom on the sun-bright sand not a voice or stir darkness lies on fields and streets sad: the moon has set here, where a thousand captains swore grand conquest tall grass their monument gray marsh and black cloud flapping in autumn rain last old slow heron dim the grey cow comes mooing mooing and mooing from the morning mist my shadowy path i've swept all day and now oh no! a camellia shower! awakened at night by sounds of the water jar cracking from the ice there is such a thing as the pressure of darkness just before the dawn old dark sleepy pool quick unexpected frog goes plop! a watersplash! in these dark waters drawn up from my frozen well glittering of spring my two plum trees are so gracious see, they flower one now, one later lonely umbrella passing the house at twilight first snow  falling soft crossing it alone in cold moonlight the brittle bridge echoes my steps gritty windblown dust: such a strange harbinger of driving sheets of rain so hot this dry month squirrels lie flat on pine limbs ignoring their fleas slanting lines of rain on the dusty samisen a mouse is trotting in the bright blue sky a faint moon, a spirit moon, looking out of place winter seclusion listening, that evening to rain on the roof women planting rice ugly every bit about them but their ancient song visiting the graves trotting on to show the way old family dog bamboo shoots and my childhood dreams of the forest entwine at my feet tombstones tilt forward as if through long acquaintance yearn to join the dead faraway cloudbanks that I let myself pretend are distant mountains now be a good boy take good care of our house cricket my child many solemn nights blond moon, we stand and marvel sleeping our noons away ah me! i am one who spends his little breakfast morningglory gazing carven gods long gone dead leaves alone foregather on the temple porch plume of pampas grass trembling in every wind hush, my lonely heart open mouth reveals your whole wet interior silly hollow frog! taro leaves and twigs awaiting the slow moonrise on the black burnt field glorious the moon therefore our thanks dark clouds come to rest our necks in the twilight rain these brilliant-hued hibiscus a lovely sunset hi! kids mimicking cormorants you are more like cormorants than they! wild geese write a line flap flapping across the sky comical dutch script beneath a tree branch in a gap just large enough the lantern moon hangs winter seclusion listening, that evening to rain on the roof such a little child to send to be a priestling icy poverty if you were silent flight of herons on dark sky oh! autumn snowflakes! the swift moon racing the branches still holding rain a chorus of frogs a windfall apple a man with merging eyebrows never trust these two visiting the graves trotting on to show the way old family dog winter rain deepens lichened letters on the grave and my old sadness cloud of cherry bloom tolling twilight bell temple ueno? asakura? lady butterfly perfumes her wings by floating over the orchid such utter silence! even the crickets singing muffled by hot rocks crossing it alone in cold moonlight the brittle bridge echoes my steps in these dark waters drawn up from my frozen well glittering of spring a lost child crying stumbling over the dark fields catching the fireflies pebbles shining clear, and clear six silent fishes deep autumn water black cloud bank broken scatters in the night now see moon lighted mountains! cloud of cherry bloom tolling twilight bell temple ueno? asakura? stupid hot melons rolling like fat idiots out from leafy shade! glorious the moon therefore our thanks dark clouds come to rest our necks from out of nowhere wandering clouds give brief rest to moon-beholders now that eyes of hawks in dusky night are darkened chirping of the quails dewdrop, let me cleanse here in your brief sweet waters these dark hands of life a dead leaf stirring crescendo high in the pines the storm-front arrives deep in dark forest a woodcutter's axe talking and a woodcutter weathered skeleton in windy fields of memory piercing like a knife lonely umbrella passing the house at twilight first snow  falling soft dry cheerful cricket chirping, keeps the autumn gay scornful of the frost such a little child to send to be a priestling icy poverty a single cricket chirps, chirps, chirps, and is still my candle sinks and dies oh great blue heron, picket of the spirit world, guard my pond today oh do not swat them unhappy flies forever wringing their thin hands moon so bright for love! hear the farmer by that light flailing at his rice! black cloud bank broken scatters in the night now see moon lighted mountains! nice: wild persimmons and notice how the mother eats the bitter parts wee bitter cricket crying all this sunny day or is he laughing? in this windy nest open your hungry mouth now in vain my stepchild a wintery day from high on my horse I see a frozen shadow moon so bright for love! come closer, quilt and enfold my passionate cold! amorous cat, alas you too must yowl with your love or even worse, without! a lowering sky geese arrow skims the treeline far off to the west glorious the moon therefore our thanks dark clouds come to rest our necks first autumn morning the mirror I stare into shows my father's face awakened at night by sounds of the water jar cracking from the ice an old silent pond a frog jumps into the pond splash! silence again rash tomcat lover careless even of that rice stuck in your whiskers white chrysanthemum before that perfect flower scissors hesitate pebbles shining clear, and clear six silent fishes deep autumn water the sea darkening oh voices of the wild ducks crying, whirling, white by that fallen house the pear tree stands full blooming an ancient battle site ah me! i am one who spends his little breakfast morningglory gazing first autumn morning the mirror I stare into shows my father's face vendor of bright fans carrying his pack of breeze suffocating heat! a moon in the pond a moon in the pond-like sky and me in between wake! the sky is light! let us to the road again friendly butterfly! winter solitude- in a world of one colour the sound of the wind like a thing alive rusted gate screeches open even things feel pain white plate and white cup tuna seared in vinegar sake pink and chilled the tree cut in Spring dawn breaks so much earlier at my small window green pine and blue sky like a match made in heaven white cloud is welcome wee bitter cricket crying all this sunny day or is he laughing? white plate with tuna seared lightly in vinegar pink sake fills cup castle in valley like a feudal fairytale of Inuyasha in the world outside, is it harvest time for rice? girls with muddy feet curious flower watching us pass, met its death our hungry donkey white cloud of mist above white cherry blossoms dawn shining mountains no oil to read by i am off to bed  but ah! my moonlit pillow white sails and white clouds strung out on the horizon change their shapes and go yellow autumn moon unimpressed the scarecrow stands simply looking bored a lowering sky geese arrow skims the treeline far off to the west ah! i intended never never to grow old listen: new year's bell! butterfly asleep folded soft on temple bell then the bronze gong rang! oh former renter i know it all, all down to the deep cold you felt white horse tied to fence were the old man's directions for finding his farm if strangers threaten turn into fat green bullfrogs pond-cooling melons a break in the clouds the moon a bright mountaintop distant and aloof a short summer night but in this solemn darkness one peony bloomed a wintery day from high on my horse I see a frozen shadow the still summer pond willow tendrils caress it like a lover's face yellow evening sun long shadow of the scarecrow reaches to the road dry and light as air the pages of an old book it smells of reading cold first winter rain poor monkey, you too could use a little cape don't weep, you insects lovers, even stars themselves, given time must part by that fallen house the pear tree stands full blooming an ancient battle site lend me water please? some fresh young morning glory, careless took my well moss-covered boulder heavy roots in piles of leaves a stop in the woods rainy month, dripping on and on as i lie abed ah, old man's memories! call him back! ah no, he's blown from sight already fish-peddler in snow wisteria blooms an arbor of hanging grapes wine for bees and wasps white chrysanthemum before that perfect flower scissors hesitate under cherry trees soup, the salad, fish and all seasoned with petals taro leaves and twigs awaiting the slow moonrise on the black burnt field the fragrance of plums: carrying me back to home childhood's happy time black desolate moor i bow before the buddha lighted in thunder my shadowy path i've swept all day and now oh no! a camellia shower! cold winter shower see all the people running across the stone bridge! cold first winter rain poor monkey, you too could use a little cape in the bright blue sky a faint moon, a spirit moon, looking out of place quite a hundred gourds sprouting from the fertile soul of a single vine the night still and clear the dock floating in blackness my feet in the moon dead my old fine hopes and dry my dreaming but still iris, blue each spring seas are wild tonight stretching over the island silent clouds of stars a bright autumn moon in the shadow of each grass an insect chirping white cloud of mist above white cherry blossoms dawn shining mountains winter rain deepens lichened letters on the grave and my old sadness black desolate moor i bow before the buddha lighted in thunder wee bitter cricket crying all this sunny day or is he laughing? a rotting pumpkin collapsed and covered in flies eases back to earth a gate made all of twigs, woven grass for hinges for a lock this snail the snake departed but the little eyes that glared dew, shining in grass from dark windy hills voice driving weary horses shouting of the storm old weary willows i thought how long the road would be when you were gone samuri charges bearded face full of fury swordhand full of death but when i halted on the windy street at noon snow struck against me oh great blue heron, picket of the spirit world, guard my pond today so enviable maple-leaves most glorious contemplating death boughs rub together: the legs of giant crickets calling for a mate? mountain rose petals falling, falling, falling now waterfall music darting dragonfly pull off its shiny wings, look: bright red pepper pod! good friend grasshopper will you play the caretaker for my little grave? defeated in fray by bigger battlers for love tom cat seeks a mouse cat on tall bookcase do you think I don't see you or your flicking tail? fie! this fickle world! three days neglected cherry- branch and you are bare snow-swallowed valley: only the winding river black fluent brush stroke green pine and blue sky like a match made in heaven white cloud is welcome women planting rice ugly every bit about them but their ancient song when the lamp goes out cool stars enter the window this hot evening now from cherry trees millions of maidens flying from fierce warlord storm in this windy nest open your hungry mouth now in vain my stepchild swallow in the dusk spare my little buzzing friends among the flowers april's air stirs in willow-leaves a butterfly floats and balances giddy grasshopper take care, do not leap and crush these pearls of dewdrop the laden wagon runs bumbling and creaking down three peonies tremble playing hide and seek amongst the cherry blossoms sparrows start my day blossoming white caps has snow returned to water, flowering at sea? old dark sleepy pool quick unexpected frog goes plop! a watersplash! women planting rice ugly every bit about them but their ancient song oh lucky beggar! bright heaven and cool earth your summer outfit cruel autumn wind cutting to the very bones of my poor scarecrow stick-end breaks water then suddenly vanishes a turtle sighting a single cricket chirps, chirps, chirps, and is still my candle sinks and dies gray marsh and black cloud flapping in autumn rain last old slow heron now in sad autumn as i take my darkening path a solitary bird slanting lines of rain on the dusty samisen a mouse is trotting seek on high bare trails sky-reflecting violets mountaintop jewels seas are wild tonight stretching over the island silent clouds of stars on this winter pond the wild ducks float quietly like dark fallen leaves a single dewdrop shining brightly on a rock like a lost diamond sitting quietly doing nothing yet Spring comes grass grows by itself november sunrise uncertain, the cold storks stand bare sticks in water taro leaves and twigs awaiting the slow moonrise on the black burnt field night is bright with stars silly woman, whimpering: shall i light the lamp? if strangers threaten turn into fat green bullfrogs pond-cooling melons peony petal fell in silent dawn spilling a water jewel when the lamp goes out cool stars enter the window this hot evening wild geese write a line flap flapping across the sky comical dutch script for a lovely bowl let us arrange these flowers since there is no rice a bright autumn moon in the shadow of each grass an insect chirping twilight whippoorwill whistle on sweet deepener of dark loneliness pebbles shining clear, and clear six silent fishes deep autumn water a dead leaf stirring crescendo high in the pines the storm-front arrives gritty windblown dust: such a strange harbinger of driving sheets of rain vendor of bright fans carrying his pack of breeze suffocating heat! carven gods long gone dead leaves alone foregather on the temple porch cold winter shower see all the people running across the stone bridge! night is bright with stars silly woman, whimpering: shall i light the lamp? winter solitude- in a world of one colour the sound of the wind castle in valley like a feudal fairytale of Inuyasha in the farther field scarecrow kept me company walking as i walked my shadowy path i've swept all day and now oh no! a camellia shower! under cherry trees soup, the salad, fish and all seasoned with petals oh do not swat them unhappy flies forever wringing their thin hands yellow evening sun long shadow of the scarecrow reaches to the road a nursemaid scarecrow frightening the wind and sun from playing baby in dim dusk and scent a witness now half hidden evenfall orchid words on wood tombstones now rotted, unreadable all is forgotten not a voice or stir darkness lies on fields and streets sad: the moon has set dry and light as air the pages of an old book it smells of reading a break in the clouds the moon a bright mountaintop distant and aloof against the bright moon a broken cedar still stands like me defiant november sunrise uncertain, the cold storks stand bare sticks in water toward those short trees we saw a hawk descending on a day in spring crossing it alone in cold moonlight the brittle bridge echoes my steps a dead leaf stirring crescendo high in the pines the storm-front arrives temple gongs echo in the hot caressing night just before the rain faraway cloudbanks that I let myself pretend are distant mountains the fields harvested a sake jug pay enough for a man like me deepen, drop, and die many-hued chrysanthemums one black earth for all for a lovely bowl let us arrange these flowers since there is no rice cold winter shower see all the people running across the stone bridge! oh lucky beggar! bright heaven and cool earth your summer outfit can't it get away from the sticky pine branches cicada singing? but when i halted on the windy street at noon snow struck against me while i turned my head that traveler i'd just passed melted into mist dancing in my silks money tossed itself away pretty, this paper dress! ah me! i am one who spends his little breakfast morningglory gazing far across low mist intermittently the lake lifts a snow-white sail dewdrop, let me cleanse here in your brief sweet waters these dark hands of life a wintery day from high on my horse I see a frozen shadow oh do not swat them unhappy flies forever wringing their thin hands cloudbank curling low? ah! the mountain yoshino cherry cumulus! dirty bathwater where can i pour you?  insects singing in the grass old weary willows i thought how long the road would be when you were gone women planting rice ugly every bit about them but their ancient song in the sea surf edge mingling with bright small seashells bush clover petals angry i strode home but stooping in my garden calm old willow tree just after noontime cows wade in a shadeless pond and start bellowing And now I see them coming through the stormy woods making good speed.  Wolves. see the morning breeze ruffling his so silky hair cool caterpillar now the swinging bridge is quieted with creepers like our tendrilled life but when i halted on the windy street at noon snow struck against me hi! kids mimicking cormorants you are more like cormorants than they! roaring winter storm rushing to its utter end ever-sounding sea far across low mist intermittently the lake lifts a snow-white sail by the dying fire dogs twist and curl into balls content just to be fireworks ended and spectators gone away and now how vast and dark! taro leaves and twigs awaiting the slow moonrise on the black burnt field first white snow of fall just enough to bend the leaves of faded daffodils winter solitude- in a world of one colour the sound of the wind there near the roadside an innkeeper bent and gray pipe smoke on the wind words on stone tombstone now weathered shallow trenches like worm tracks on sand in the bright blue sky a faint moon, a spirit moon searching for the night an old silent pond a frog jumps into the pond splash! silence again torches! come and see the burglar i have captured oh! my eldest son! against the bright moon a broken cedar still stands like me defiant when the lamp goes out cool stars enter the window this hot evening "yes, come in!" i cried but at the windy snow-hung gate knocking still went on black cloud bank broken scatters in the night now see moon lighted mountains! nice: wild persimmons and notice how the mother eats the bitter parts old dark sleepy pool quick unexpected frog goes plop! a watersplash! roaring winter storm rushing to its utter end ever-sounding sea in silent midnight our old scarecrow topples down weird hollow echo the night still and clear the dock floating in blackness my feet in the moon on this lonely road my horse shies and throws its head white tombstone at night giddy grasshopper take care, do not leap and crush these pearls of dewdrop lady butterfly perfumes her wings by floating over the orchid the red dragon flies a flowing banner across the dark crimson sky amorous cat, alas you too must yowl with your love or even worse, without! blossoming white caps has snow returned to water, flowering at sea? twilight whippoorwill whistle on sweet deepener of dark loneliness in the bright blue sky a faint moon, a spirit moon, looking out of place dead my old fine hopes and dry my dreaming but still iris, blue each spring pebbles shining clear, and clear six silent fishes deep autumn water five or six of us remain, huddled together bent old willow trees green shadow dances see our young banana tree pattering the screen sadly I part from you like a clam torn from its shell I go with autumn gray marsh and black cloud flapping in autumn rain last old slow heron so hot this dry month squirrels lie flat on pine limbs ignoring their fleas white cloud of mist above white cherry blossoms dawn shining mountains while i turned my head that traveler i'd just passed melted into mist describe plum blossoms? better than my verses white wordless butterflies in the twilight rain these brilliant-hued hibiscus a lovely sunset in the bright blue sky a faint moon, a spirit moon searching for the night a lowering sky geese arrow skims the treeline far off to the west dew evaporates and all our world is but dew so fresh, so fleeting now the swinging bridge is quieted with creepers like our tendrilled life April's air stirs in willow leaves, a butterfly floats and balances april's air stirs in willow-leaves a butterfly floats and balances sadness at twilight villain! i have let my hand cut that peony women planting rice ugly every bit about them but their ancient song fie! this fickle world! three days neglected cherry- branch and you are bare there is such a thing as the pressure of darkness just before the dawn the old fisherman unalterably intent cold evening rain the fields harvested a sake jug pay enough for a man like me bamboo shoots and my childhood dreams of the forest entwine at my feet in dim dusk and scent a witness now half hidden evenfall orchid rusted gate opens screeching like a thing alive voicing displeasure first white snow of fall just enough to bend the leaves of faded daffodils white moth, flutter off: fly back into my breast now quickly, my own soul! a flooding river banks unseen, water foaming, invades a forest taro leaves and twigs awaiting the slow moonrise on the black burnt field live in simple faith just as this trusting cherry flowers, fades, and falls a lost child crying stumbling over the dark fields catching the fireflies a break in the trees an ocean of fields spreads out below the hill's crest like a thing alive rusted gate screeches open even things feel pain toward those short trees we saw a hawk descending on a day in spring on this winter pond the wild ducks float quietly like dark fallen leaves shocking the red of lacquered fingernails against white chrysanthemum by the dying fire dogs twist and curl into balls content just to be the temple bell stops but the sound keeps echoing out of the flowers now that eyes of hawks in dusky night are darkened chirping of the quails "yes, come in!" i cried but at the windy snow-hung gate knocking still went on you stupid scarecrow! under your very stick-feet birds are stealing beans! what a peony demanding to be measured by my little fan! all heaven and earth flowered white obliterate snow unceasing snow sadness at twilight villain! i have let my hand cut that peony curious flower watching us pass, met its death our hungry donkey my two plum trees are so gracious see, they flower one now, one later a saddening world: flowers whose sweet blooms must fall as we too, alas white moth, flutter off: fly back into my breast now quickly, my own soul! in silent midnight our old scarecrow topples down weird hollow echo buzzing the bee trades peony for peony with the butterfly curious flower watching us pass, met its death our hungry donkey dead my old fine hopes and dry my dreaming but still iris, blue each spring now in sad autumn as i take my darkening path a solitary bird april's air stirs in willow-leaves a butterfly floats and balances giddy grasshopper take care, do not leap and crush these pearls of dewdrop i am going out be good and play together my cricket children blossoming white caps has snow returned to water, flowering at sea? nine times arising to see the moon whose solemn pace marks just midnight in the bright blue sky a faint moon, a spirit moon, looking out of place the sea darkening oh voices of the wild ducks crying, whirling, white crossing it alone in cold moonlight the brittle bridge echoes my steps a single cricket chirps, chirps, chirps, and is still my candle sinks and dies good friend grasshopper will you play the caretaker for my little grave? samuri charges bearded face full of fury swordhand full of death when the lamp goes out cool stars enter the window this hot evening dewdrop, let me cleanse here in your brief sweet waters these dark hands of life graven images piles of dry spiritless leaves: temple companions now that eyes of hawks in dusky night are darkened chirping of the quails sadly I part from you like a clam torn from its shell I go with autumn a single cricket chirps, chirps, chirps, and is still my candle sinks and dies amorous cat, alas you too must yowl with your love or even worse, without! all heaven and earth flowered white obliterate snow unceasing snow against the bright moon a broken cedar still stands like me defiant see the morning breeze ruffling his so silky hair cool caterpillar now the swinging bridge is quieted with creepers like our tendrilled life eleven brave knights canter through the whirling snow not one bends his neck blossoming white caps has snow returned to water, flowering at sea? standing still at dusk listen in far distances the song of froglings! the tree cut in Spring dawn breaks so much earlier at my small window like a thing alive rusted gate screeches open even things feel pain a white swan swimming parting with her unmoved breast cherry-petaled pond while i turned my head that traveler i'd just passed melted into mist ballet in the air twin butterflies until, twice white they meet, they mate in the bright blue sky a faint moon, a spirit moon searching for the night forest in winter winds howl in rage and fury with no leaves to blow "yes, come in!" i cried but at the windy snow-hung gate knocking still went on buzzing the bee trades peony for peony with the butterfly oh! i ate them all and oh! what a stomach ache green stolen apples two ancient pine trees pair of gnarled and sturdy hands with ten green fingers a dead leaf stirring crescendo high in the pines the storm-front arrives take the round flat moon snap this twig for a handle what a pretty fan! nothing in the cry of cicadas suggests they are about to die moon so bright for love! hear the farmer by that light flailing at his rice! so hot this dry month all the world bleached like driftwood grain in stark relief oh former renter i know it all, all down to the deep cold you felt temple gongs echo in the hot caressing night just before the rain thunder and lightning the shaking hut not so bad as the shaking dog oh sorry tom cat bigger blacker knights of love have knocked you out! seas are wild tonight stretching over the island silent clouds of stars now in sad autumn as i take my darkening path a solitary bird white horse tied to fence were the old man's directions for finding his farm ashes my burnt hut but wonderful the cherry blooming on my hill for a lovely bowl let us arrange these flowers since there is no rice rusted gate opens screeching like a thing alive voicing displeasure mountain rose petals falling, falling, falling now waterfall music plume of pampas grass trembling in every wind hush, my lonely heart roaring winter storm rushing to its utter end ever-sounding sea pebbles shining clear, and clear six silent fishes deep autumn water so hot this dry month squirrels lie flat on pine limbs ignoring their fleas shocking the red of lacquered fingernails against white chrysanthemum oh sorry tom cat bigger blacker knights of love have knocked you out! dirty bathwater where can i pour you?  insects singing in the grass a flooding river banks unseen, water foaming, invades a forest wake! the sky is light! let us to the road again friendly butterfly! playing hide and seek amongst the cherry blossoms sparrows start my day ah me! i am one who spends his little breakfast morningglory gazing amorous cat, alas you too must yowl with your love or even worse, without! buddha on the hill from your holy nose indeed hangs an icicle crossing it alone in cold moonlight the brittle bridge echoes my steps crossing it alone in cold moonlight the brittle bridge echoes my steps green shadow dances see our young banana tree pattering the screen at our last parting bending between boat and shore that weeping willow faraway cloudbanks that I let myself pretend are distant mountains so hot this dry month all the world bleached like driftwood grain in stark relief a jagged bat dance in the Atsuta twilight: spots before old eyes butterflies only fluttering in this warm field a flower banquet vendor of bright fans carrying his pack of breeze suffocating heat! words on stone tombstone now weathered shallow trenches like worm tracks on sand the temple bell stops but the sound keeps echoing out of the flowers green shadow dances see our young banana tree pattering the screen in the bright blue sky a faint moon, a spirit moon, looking out of place winter solitude- in a world of one colour the sound of the wind so hot this dry month all the world bleached like driftwood grain in stark relief mirror-pond of stars suddenly a summer shower dimples the water shocking the red of lacquered fingernails against white chrysanthemum temple gongs echo in the hot caressing night just before the rain now my loneliness following the bright fireworks look! a falling star! i am going out be good and play together my cricket children bamboo shoots and my childhood dreams of the forest entwine at my feet i am going out be good and play together my cricket children a jagged bat dance in the Atsuta twilight: spots before old eyes castle in valley like a feudal fairytale of Inuyasha peony petal fell in silent dawn spilling a water jewel white cloud of mist above white cherry blossoms dawn shining mountains visiting the graves trotting on to show the way old family dog cloudbank curling low? ah! the mountain yoshino cherry cumulus! between our two lives there is also the life of the cherry blossom green pine and blue sky like a match made in heaven white cloud is welcome dim the grey cow comes mooing mooing and mooing from the morning mist in hills near Honshu sharply-edged temple archways cut round-bellied trees a jagged bat dance in the Atsuta twilight: spots before old eyes in the twilight rain these brilliant-hued hibiscus a lovely sunset twilight whippoorwill whistle on sweet deepener of dark loneliness such utter silence! even the crickets singing muffled by hot rocks curious flower watching us pass, met its death our hungry donkey by the dying fire dogs twist and curl into balls content just to be can't it get away from the sticky pine branches cicada singing? see the morning breeze ruffling his so silky hair cool caterpillar yellow autumn moon unimpressed the scarecrow stands simply looking bored chilling autumn rain the moon, too bright for showers, slips from their fingers long the summer day patterns on the ocean sand our idle footprints the laden wagon runs bumbling and creaking down three peonies tremble vendor of bright fans carrying his pack of breeze suffocating heat! no oil to read by i am off to bed  but ah! my moonlit pillow do your worst, old frost you can no longer wound me -last chrysanthemum a white swan swimming parting with her unmoved breast cherry-petaled pond white horse tied to fence were the old man's directions for finding his farm for morning-glories i can foresee grave danger single-stick practice! white chrysanthemum before that perfect flower scissors hesitate but when i halted on the windy street at noon snow struck against me here in my dark hut a square of light from the moon like frost on the ground bamboo shoots and my childhood dreams of the forest entwine at my feet thunder and lightning the shaking hut not so bad as the shaking dog crossing it alone in cold moonlight the brittle bridge echoes my steps here, where a thousand captains swore grand conquest tall grass their monument see the heavy leaf on the silent windless day falls of its own will november sunrise uncertain, the cold storks stand bare sticks in water at the fall of night: a branch scratching the window: time to bar the door yellow autumn moon unimpressed the scarecrow stands simply looking bored unrequited love! elevate your chin and keen tom-cat, to the moon! call him back! ah no, he's blown from sight already fish-peddler in snow weathered skeleton in windy fields of memory piercing like a knife autumn mosquitoes buzz me, bite me see, i am long prepared for death i must turn over beware of local earthquakes bedfellow cricket! sitting quietly doing nothing yet Spring comes grass grows by itself eleven brave knights canter through the whirling snow not one bends his neck a single cricket chirps, chirps, chirps, and is still my candle sinks and dies wisteria blooms an arbor of hanging grapes wine for bees and wasps awakened at night: a hound bays, the moon ignores the owl says nothing dancing in my silks money tossed itself away pretty, this paper dress! cruel autumn wind cutting to the very bones of my poor scarecrow no oil to read by i am off to bed  but ah! my moonlit pillow chilling autumn rain the moon, too bright for showers, slips from their fingers weathered skeleton in windy fields of memory piercing like a knife a jagged bat dance in the Atsuta twilight: spots before old eyes describe plum blossoms? better than my verses white wordless butterflies a wintery day from high on my horse I see a frozen shadow sadness at twilight villain! i have let my hand cut that peony green curls over and white falls under boom boom boom on the sun-bright sand winter rain deepens lichened letters on the grave and my old sadness winter rain deepens lichened letters on the grave and my old sadness rash tomcat lover careless even of that rice stuck in your whiskers if strangers threaten turn into fat green bullfrogs pond-cooling melons thunder and lightning the shaking hut not so bad as the shaking dog in this windy nest open your hungry mouth now in vain my stepchild white chrysanthemum before that perfect flower scissors hesitate mountain rose petals falling, falling, falling now waterfall music far across low mist intermittently the lake lifts a snow-white sail the tree cut in Spring dawn breaks so much earlier at my small window my two plum trees are so gracious see, they flower one now, one later nice: wild persimmons and notice how the mother eats the bitter parts a moon in the pond a moon in the pond-like sky and me in between white sails and white clouds: my far-away horizon, is their here and now for morning-glories i can foresee grave danger single-stick practice! graven images piles of dry spiritless leaves: temple companions a lost child crying stumbling over the dark fields catching the fireflies ginger simmers with vinegar in hot steel wok dumplings rolled beside toward those short trees we saw a hawk descending on a day in spring good evening breeze! crooked and meandering your homeward journey why so scrawny, cat? starving for fat fish or mice or a backyard love? a flooding river banks unseen, water foaming, invades a forest for morning-glories i can foresee grave danger single-stick practice! two ancient pine trees pair of gnarled and sturdy hands with ten green fingers nice: wild persimmons and notice how the mother eats the bitter parts a white swan swimming parting with her unmoved breast cherry-petaled pond a bright autumn moon in the shadow of each grass an insect chirping windy winter rain my silly big umbrella tries walking backward eleven brave knights canter through the whirling snow not one bends his neck if you were silent flight of herons on dark sky oh! autumn snowflakes! nine times arising to see the moon whose solemn pace marks just midnight no oil to read by i am off to bed  but ah! my moonlit pillow lonely umbrella passing the house at twilight first snow  falling soft voices of two bells that speak from twilight temples ah! cool dialogue the old fisherman unalterably intent cold evening rain no oil to read by i am off to bed  but ah! my moonlit pillow carven gods long gone dead leaves alone foregather on the temple porch my two plum trees are so gracious see, they flower one now, one later crossing it alone in cold moonlight the brittle bridge echoes my steps bright red pepper pod it needs but shiny wings, look: darting dragonfly! for the emperor himself he won't lift his hat a stiff-backed scarecrow a camellia dropped down into still waters of a deep dark well the still summer pond willow tendrils caress it like a lover's face here, where a thousand captains swore grand conquest tall grass their monument the night still and clear the dock floating in blackness my feet in the moon good friend grasshopper will you play the caretaker for my little grave? gray marsh and black cloud flapping in autumn rain last old slow heron chilling autumn rain the moon, too bright for showers, slips from their fingers buddha on the hill from your holy nose indeed hangs an icicle shocking the red of lacquered fingernails against white chrysanthemum autumn mosquitoes buzz me, bite me see, i am long prepared for death "yes, come in!" i cried but at the windy snow-hung gate knocking still went on buddha on the hill from your holy nose indeed hangs an icicle dry and light as air the pages of an old book it smells of reading stick-end breaks water then suddenly vanishes a turtle sighting in the farther field scarecrow kept me company walking as i walked this snowy morning that black crow i hate so much but he's beautiful! moon so bright for love! hear the farmer by that light flailing at his rice! here in my dark hut a square of light from the moon like frost on the ground in autumn twilight a scarecrow sags on his pole the crows now at roost yellow autumn moon unimpressed the scarecrow stands simply looking bored yellow evening sun long shadow of the scarecrow reaches to the road amorous cat, alas you too must yowl with your love or even worse, without! not a voice or stir darkness lies on fields and streets sad: the moon has set a far bank of clouds that I let myself pretend are distant mountains open mouth reveals your whole wet interior silly hollow frog! a windfall apple a man with merging eyebrows never trust these two clouds in the distance for a moment I believe I see blue mountains ballet in the air twin butterflies until, twice white they meet, they mate blossoming white caps has snow returned to water, flowering at sea? such utter silence! even the crickets singing muffled by hot rocks here, where a thousand captains swore grand conquest tall grass their monument peony petal fell in silent dawn spilling a water jewel when the lamp goes out cool stars enter the window this hot evening wee bitter cricket crying all this sunny day or is he laughing? green pine and blue sky like a match made in heaven white cloud is welcome pebbles shining clear, and clear six silent fishes deep autumn water gritty windblown dust: such a strange harbinger of driving sheets of rain so hot this dry month squirrels lie flat on pine limbs ignoring their fleas on this lonely road my horse shies and throws its head white tombstone at night now my loneliness following the bright fireworks look! a falling star! the sea darkening oh voices of the wild ducks crying, whirling, white pretty butterflies watch out for pine needle points in this gusty wind! temple gongs echo in the hot caressing night just before the rain from out of nowhere wandering clouds give brief rest to moon-beholders tombstones tilt forward as if through long acquaintance yearn to join the dead oh lucky beggar! bright heaven and cool earth your summer outfit a single cricket chirps, chirps, chirps, and is still my candle sinks and dies arise from sleep, cat, and with great yawns and stretchings amble out for love weathered skeleton in windy fields of memory piercing like a knife taro leaves and twigs awaiting the slow moonrise on the black burnt field why so scrawny, cat? starving for fat fish or mice or a backyard love? hanging the lantern on that full white blooming bough exquisite your care! white moth, flutter off: fly back into my breast now quickly, my own soul! oh former renter i know it all, all down to the deep cold you felt cloud of cherry bloom tolling twilight bell temple ueno? asakura? samuri charges bearded face full of fury swordhand full of death mountain rose petals falling, falling, falling now waterfall music angry i strode home but stooping in my garden calm old willow tree pretty butterflies watch out for pine needle points in this gusty wind! good friend grasshopper will you play the caretaker for my little grave? dry cheerful cricket chirping, keeps the autumn gay scornful of the frost awakened at night: a hound bays, the moon ignores the owl says nothing going snow-viewing one by one the walkers vanish whitely falling veils many solemn nights blond moon, we stand and marvel sleeping our noons away nothing in the cry of cicadas suggests they are about to die gray marsh and black cloud flapping in autumn rain last old slow heron silent the old town the scent of flowers floating and evening bell a single dewdrop shining brightly on a rock like a lost diamond under cherry trees soup, the salad, fish and all seasoned with petals forest in winter winds howl in rage and fury with no leaves to blow why so scrawny, cat? starving for fat fish or mice or a backyard love? first autumn morning the mirror I stare into shows my father's face butterfly asleep folded soft on temple bell then the bronze gong rang! the old fisherman unalterably intent cold evening rain in the city fields contemplating cherry trees strangers are like friends in silent midnight our old scarecrow topples down weird hollow echo the fields harvested a sake jug pay enough for a man like me plume of pampas grass trembling in every wind hush, my lonely heart in the sea surf edge mingling with bright small seashells bush clover petals graven images piles of dry spiritless leaves: temple companions many solemn nights blond moon, we stand and marvel sleeping our noons away hanging the lantern on that full white blooming bough exquisite your care! amorous cat, alas you too must yowl with your love or even worse, without! here in my dark hut a square of light from the moon like frost on the ground one fallen flower returning to the branch? oh no! a white butterfly now from cherry trees millions of maidens flying from fierce warlord storm sitting quietly doing nothing yet Spring comes grass grows by itself now in late autumn look, on my old rubbish heap blue morning glory shocking the red of lacquered fingernails against white chrysanthemum will we meet again here at your flowering grave two white butterflies? wake! the sky is light! let us to the road again friendly butterfly! white sails and white clouds strung out on the horizon change their shapes and go i must turn over beware of local earthquakes bedfellow cricket! ballet in the air twin butterflies until, twice white they meet, they mate now that eyes of hawks in dusky night are darkened chirping of the quails now in sad autumn as i take my darkening path a solitary bird moon so bright for love! come closer, quilt and enfold my passionate cold! forest in winter winds howl in rage and fury with no leaves to blow Oranged-tinged granite lines the tea-colored river in great southern land five or six of us remain, huddled together bent old willow trees winter seclusion listening, that evening to rain on the roof rusted gate opens screeching like a thing alive voicing displeasure in the bright blue sky a pale moon, a spirit moon looking out of place in the farther field scarecrow kept me company walking as i walked fie! this fickle world! three days neglected cherry- branch and you are bare one fallen flower returning to the branch? oh no! a white butterfly chilling autumn rain the moon, too bright for showers, slips from their fingers darting dragonfly pull off its shiny wings, look: bright red pepper pod! my shadowy path i've swept all day and now oh no! a camellia shower! you stupid scarecrow! under your very stick-feet birds are stealing beans! green curls over and white falls under boom boom boom on the sun-bright sand asking for their road seven yellow bamboo hats all turned together old dark sleepy pool quick unexpected frog goes plop! a watersplash! for a lovely bowl let us arrange these flowers since there is no rice under cherry trees soup, the salad, fish and all seasoned with petals hi! kids mimicking cormorants you are more like cormorants than they! open mouth reveals your whole wet interior silly hollow frog! flat-bottomed rain clouds glide over distant ridgelines like bellies of snails deepen, drop, and die many-hued chrysanthemums one black earth for all pebbles shining clear, and clear six silent fishes deep autumn water twilight whippoorwill whistle on sweet deepener of dark loneliness dry and light as air the pages of an old book it smells of reading dirty bathwater where can i pour you?  insects singing in the grass in the holy dusk nightingales begin their psalm good! the dinner gong! dirty bathwater where can i pour you?  insects singing in the grass a camellia dropped down into still waters of a deep dark well just after noontime cows wade in a shadeless pond and start bellowing cat on tall bookcase do you think I don't see you or your flicking tail? twilight whippoorwill whistle on sweet deepener of dark loneliness thunder and lightning the shaking hut not so bad as the shaking dog white plate and white cup tuna seared in vinegar sake pink and chilled darting dragonfly pull off its shiny wings, look: bright red pepper pod! green pine and blue sky like a match made in heaven white cloud is welcome castle in valley like a feudal fairytale of Inuyasha in dim dusk and scent a witness now half hidden evenfall orchid deepen, drop, and die many-hued chrysanthemums one black earth for all Dimming of old eyes Like a veil transcending day heralding the night white plate and white cup tuna seared in vinegar sake pink and chilled peony petal fell in silent dawn spilling a water jewel ballet in the air twin butterflies until, twice white they meet, they mate the sea darkening oh voices of the wild ducks crying, whirling, white flat-bottomed rain clouds glide over distant ridgelines like bellies of snails windy winter rain my silly big umbrella tries walking backward a jagged bat dance in the Atsuta twilight: spots before old eyes now the swinging bridge is quieted with creepers like our tendrilled life on this lonely road my horse shies and throws its head white tombstone at night amorous cat, alas you too must yowl with your love or even worse, without! will we meet again here at your flowering grave two white butterflies? from dark windy hills voice driving weary horses shouting of the storm see the heavy leaf on the silent windless day falls of its own will oh great blue heron, picket of the spirit world, guard my pond today good friend grasshopper will you play the caretaker for my little grave? the snake departed but the little eyes that glared dew, shining in grass nice: wild persimmons and notice how the mother eats the bitter parts buddha on the hill from your holy nose indeed hangs an icicle my good father raged when i snapped the peony precious memory! women planting rice ugly every bit about them but their ancient song the sea darkening oh voices of the wild ducks crying, whirling, white for morning-glories i can foresee grave danger single-stick practice! "yes, come in!" i cried but at the windy snow-hung gate knocking still went on a wintery day from high on my horse I see a frozen shadow over the mountain bright the full white moon now smiles on the flower if strangers threaten turn into fat green bullfrogs pond-cooling melons mountain rose petals falling, falling, falling now waterfall music temple gongs echo in the hot caressing night just before the rain nine times arising to see the moon whose solemn pace marks just midnight wisteria blooms an arbor of hanging grapes wine for bees and wasps in the world outside, is it harvest time for rice? girls with muddy feet don't weep, you insects lovers, even stars themselves, given time must part oh do not swat them unhappy flies forever wringing their thin hands cold first winter rain poor monkey, you too could use a little cape taro leaves and twigs awaiting the slow moonrise on the black burnt field gritty windblown dust: such a strange harbinger of driving sheets of rain while i turned my head that traveler i'd just passed melted into mist there is such a thing as the pressure of darkness just before the dawn defeated in fray by bigger battlers for love tom cat seeks a mouse on this winter pond the wild ducks float quietly like dark fallen leaves i must turn over beware of local earthquakes bedfellow cricket! lonely umbrella passing the house at twilight first snow  falling soft slanting lines of rain on the dusty samisen a mouse is trotting lady butterfly perfumes her wings by floating over the orchid before boiled chestnuts cross-legged lad is squatting carved wooden buddha take the round flat moon snap this twig for a handle what a pretty fan! cloudbank curling low? ah! the mountain yoshino cherry cumulus! the fields harvested a sake jug pay enough for a man like me over the mountain bright the full white moon now smiles on the flower at furue in rain gray water and gray sand a picture without lines autumn mosquitoes buzz me, bite me see, i am long prepared for death faraway cloudbanks that I let myself pretend are distant mountains a far bank of clouds that I let myself pretend are distant mountains nine times arising to see the moon whose solemn pace marks just midnight a break in the clouds the moon a bright mountaintop distant and aloof first autumn morning the mirror I stare into shows my father's face a lowering sky geese arrow skims the treeline far off to the west temple gongs echo in the hot caressing night just before the rain in the city fields contemplating cherry trees strangers are like friends from out of nowhere wandering clouds give brief rest to moon-beholders wake! the sky is light! let us to the road again friendly butterfly! black desolate moor i bow before the buddha lighted in thunder cloudbank curling low? ah! the mountain yoshino cherry cumulus! black desolate moor i bow before the buddha lighted in thunder crossing it alone in cold moonlight the brittle bridge echoes my steps winter seclusion listening, that evening to rain on the roof a break in the clouds the moon a bright mountaintop distant and aloof swallow in the dusk spare my little buzzing friends among the flowers flat-bottomed rain clouds glide over distant ridgelines like bellies of snails ballet in the air twin butterflies until, twice white they meet, they mate angry i strode home but stooping in my garden calm old willow tree in the bright blue sky a faint moon, a spirit moon searching for the night rash tomcat lover careless even of that rice stuck in your whiskers by the dying fire dogs twist and curl into balls content just to be so hot this dry month all the world bleached like driftwood grain in stark relief the snake departed but the little eyes that glared dew, shining in grass good evening breeze! crooked and meandering your homeward journey why so scrawny, cat? starving for fat fish or mice or a backyard love? dead my old fine hopes and dry my dreaming but still iris, blue each spring Dimming of old eyes Like a veil transcending day heralding the night now be a good boy take good care of our house cricket my child cat on tall bookcase do you think I don't see you or your flicking tail? there near the roadside an innkeeper bent and gray pipe smoke on the wind a moon in the pond a moon in the pond-like sky and me in between in dim dusk and scent a witness now half hidden evenfall orchid far across low mist intermittently the lake lifts a snow-white sail ah me! i am one who spends his little breakfast morningglory gazing for the emperor himself he won't lift his hat a stiff-backed scarecrow first white snow of fall just enough to bend the leaves of faded daffodils fireworks ended and spectators gone away and now how vast and dark! in the bright blue sky: a spirit moon, pale and lost, searching for the night a nursemaid scarecrow frightening the wind and sun from playing baby nine times arising to see the moon whose solemn pace marks just midnight pebbles shining clear, and clear six silent fishes deep autumn water this snowy morning that black crow i hate so much but he's beautiful! from out of nowhere wandering clouds give brief rest to moon-beholders no oil to read by i am off to bed  but ah! my moonlit pillow going snow-viewing one by one the walkers vanish whitely falling veils giddy grasshopper take care, do not leap and crush these pearls of dewdrop in dim dusk and scent a witness now half hidden evenfall orchid all heaven and earth flowered white obliterate snow unceasing snow windy winter rain my silly big umbrella tries walking backward lend me water please? some fresh young morning glory, careless took my well the laden wagon runs bumbling and creaking down three peonies tremble mountain rose petals falling, falling, falling now waterfall music by the dying fire dogs twist and curl into balls content just to be in hills near Honshu sharply-edged temple archways cut round-bellied trees good evening breeze! crooked and meandering your homeward journey i gave the greetings of the bright new year as though i held a plum branch oh sorry tom cat bigger blacker knights of love have knocked you out! oh former renter i know it all, all down to the deep cold you felt for a cool evening i hired the old temple porch penny in the dish rusted gate opens screeching like a thing alive voicing displeasure while i turned my head that traveler i'd just passed melted into mist before boiled chestnuts cross-legged lad is squatting carved wooden buddha a far bank of clouds that I let myself pretend are distant mountains five or six of us remain, huddled together bent old willow trees darting dragonfly pull off its shiny wings, look: bright red pepper pod! my two plum trees are so gracious see, they flower one now, one later mountain rose petals falling, falling, falling now waterfall music voices of two bells that speak from twilight temples ah! cool dialogue while i turned my head that traveler i'd just passed melted into mist taro leaves and twigs awaiting the slow moonrise on the black burnt field butterflies only fluttering in this warm field a flower banquet a bright autumn moon in the shadow of each grass an insect chirping describe plum blossoms? better than my verses white wordless butterflies the fields harvested a sake jug pay enough for a man like me mountain rose petals falling, falling, falling now waterfall music old dark sleepy pool quick unexpected frog goes plop! a watersplash! the sea darkening oh voices of the wild ducks crying, whirling, white eleven brave knights canter through the whirling snow not one bends his neck dirty bathwater where can i pour you?  insects singing in the grass giddy grasshopper take care, do not leap and crush these pearls of dewdrop good evening breeze! crooked and meandering your homeward journey two ancient pine trees pair of gnarled and sturdy hands with ten green fingers crossing it alone in cold moonlight the brittle bridge echoes my steps cold winter shower see all the people running across the stone bridge! in the holy dusk nightingales begin their psalm good! the dinner gong! yellow autumn moon unimpressed the scarecrow stands simply looking bored wake! the sky is light! let us to the road again friendly butterfly! when the lamp goes out cool stars enter the window this hot evening open mouth reveals your whole wet interior silly hollow frog! cruel autumn wind cutting to the very bones of my poor scarecrow deepen, drop, and die many-hued chrysanthemums one black earth for all a far bank of clouds that I let myself pretend are distant mountains in the bright blue sky: a spirit moon, pale and lost, searching for the night dry cheerful cricket chirping, keeps the autumn gay scornful of the frost the fragrance of plums: carrying me back to home childhood's happy time two ancient pine trees pair of gnarled and sturdy hands with ten green fingers a field of tall grass: all that remains of dreams of ancient warriors no oil to read by i am off to bed  but ah! my moonlit pillow november sunrise uncertain, the cold storks stand bare sticks in water butterflies only fluttering in this warm field a flower banquet the sea darkening oh voices of the wild ducks crying, whirling, white white plate with tuna seared lightly in vinegar pink sake fills cup bright red pepper pod it needs but shiny wings, look: darting dragonfly! this cool gentle mist born of thunder and fury underneath the falls April's air stirs in willow leaves, a butterfly floats and balances words on wood tombstones now rotted, unreadable all is forgotten my shadowy path i've swept all day and now oh no! a camellia shower! a wintery day from high on my horse I see a frozen shadow sadly I part from you like a clam torn from its shell I go with autumn for a lovely bowl let us arrange these flowers since there is no rice not a voice or stir darkness lies on fields and streets sad: the moon has set five or six of us remain, huddled together bent old willow trees now in late autumn look, on my old rubbish heap blue morning glory take the round flat moon snap this twig for a handle what a pretty fan! over the mountain bright the full white moon now smiles on the flower white sails and white clouds: my far-away horizon, is their here and now April's air stirs in willow leaves, a butterfly floats and balances a single cricket chirps, chirps, chirps, and is still my candle sinks and dies there near the roadside an innkeeper bent and gray pipe smoke on the wind sadly I part from you like a clam torn from its shell I go with autumn a sunny hillside and look! blueberry bushes! even the dog eats them samuri charges bearded face full of fury swordhand full of death from dark windy hills voice driving weary horses shouting of the storm the red dragon flies a flowing banner across the dark crimson sky cloud of cherry bloom tolling twilight bell temple ueno? asakura? beneath a tree branch in a gap just large enough the lantern moon hangs in the holy dusk nightingales begin their psalm good! the dinner gong! forest in winter winds howl in rage and fury with no leaves to blow forest in winter winds howl in rage and fury with no leaves to blow hanging the lantern on that full white blooming bough exquisite your care! wake! the sky is light! let us to the road again friendly butterfly! if strangers threaten turn into fat green bullfrogs pond-cooling melons darting dragonfly pull off its shiny wings, look: bright red pepper pod! green curls over and white falls under boom boom boom on the sun-bright sand moon so bright for love! hear the farmer by that light flailing at his rice! green shadow dances see our young banana tree pattering the screen women planting rice ugly every bit about them but their ancient song what a gorgeous one that fat sleek huge old chestnut i could not get at sadness at twilight villain! i have let my hand cut that peony hi! kids mimicking cormorants you are more like cormorants than they! in the world outside, is it harvest time for rice? girls with muddy feet dewdrop, let me cleanse here in your brief sweet waters these dark hands of life you stupid scarecrow! under your very stick-feet birds are stealing beans! visiting the graves trotting on to show the way old family dog ah! i intended never never to grow old listen: new year's bell! what a peony demanding to be measured by my little fan! seek on high bare trails sky-reflecting violets mountaintop jewels silent the old town the scent of flowers floating and evening bell a break in the clouds the moon a bright mountaintop distant and aloof in the city fields contemplating cherry trees strangers are like friends faraway cloudbanks that I let myself pretend are distant mountains in the city fields contemplating cherry trees strangers are like friends white sails and white clouds: my far-away horizon, is their here and now the snake departed but the little eyes that glared dew, shining in grass at furue in rain gray water and gray sand a picture without lines vendor of bright fans carrying his pack of breeze suffocating heat! for morning-glories i can foresee grave danger single-stick practice! green shadow dances see our young banana tree pattering the screen slanting lines of rain on the dusty samisen a mouse is trotting in the bright blue sky a faint moon, a spirit moon searching for the night amorous cat, alas you too must yowl with your love or even worse, without! the still summer pond willow tendrils caress it like a lover's face in the twilight rain these brilliant-hued hibiscus a lovely sunset a sharp shovel thrust the half-ends of worms and grubs food for the sapling the sea darkening oh voices of the wild ducks crying, whirling, white weathered skeleton in windy fields of memory piercing like a knife winter rain deepens lichened letters on the grave and my old sadness i must turn over beware of local earthquakes bedfellow cricket! the laden wagon runs bumbling and creaking down three peonies tremble a sudden tavern not dead yet at journey's end but empty pockets gritty windblown dust: such a strange harbinger of driving sheets of rain nine times arising to see the moon whose solemn pace marks just midnight see: surviving sons visit the ancestral grave bearded, with bent canes a jagged bat dance in the Atsuta twilight: spots before old eyes windy winter rain my silly big umbrella tries walking backward the sea darkening oh voices of the wild ducks crying, whirling, white there near the roadside an innkeeper bent and gray pipe smoke on the wind arise from sleep, cat, and with great yawns and stretchings amble out for love stick-end breaks water then suddenly vanishes a turtle sighting the tree cut in Spring dawn breaks so much earlier at my small window a splash in the pond bugs once floating in the moon now supper for trout dry cheerful cricket chirping, keeps the autumn gay scornful of the frost voices of two bells that speak from twilight temples ah! cool dialogue wake! the sky is light! let us to the road again friendly butterfly! words on wood tombstones now rotted, unreadable all is forgotten in the open shop paperweights on picture books young springtime breezes winter rain deepens lichened letters on the grave and my old sadness by that fallen house the pear tree stands full blooming an ancient battle site see the morning breeze ruffling his so silky hair cool caterpillar ah me! i am one who spends his little breakfast morningglory gazing in the bright blue sky a faint moon, a spirit moon, looking out of place weathered skeleton in windy fields of memory piercing like a knife not a voice or stir darkness lies on fields and streets sad: the moon has set in the open shop paperweights on picture books young springtime breezes at our last parting bending between boat and shore that weeping willow lonely umbrella passing the house at twilight first snow  falling soft in the twilight rain these brilliant-hued hibiscus a lovely sunset old weary willows i thought how long the road would be when you were gone the sea darkening oh voices of the wild ducks crying, whirling, white a lowering sky geese arrow skims the treeline far off to the west flower in the stream thus too my life must end like another flower a camellia dropped down into still waters of a deep dark well in the open shop paperweights on picture books young springtime breezes in dim dusk and scent a witness now half hidden evenfall orchid awakened at night: a hound bays, the moon ignores the owl says nothing sadness at twilight villain! i have let my hand cut that peony good evening breeze! crooked and meandering your homeward journey at furue in rain gray water and gray sand a picture without lines dancing in my silks money tossed itself away pretty, this paper dress! white sails and white clouds: my far-away horizon, is their here and now temple gongs echo in the hot caressing night just before the rain asking for their road seven yellow bamboo hats all turned together i must turn over beware of local earthquakes bedfellow cricket! in the farther field scarecrow kept me company walking as i walked hanging the lantern on that full white blooming bough exquisite your care! a windfall apple a man with merging eyebrows never trust these two now my loneliness following the bright fireworks look! a falling star! a gate made all of twigs, woven grass for hinges for a lock this snail roaring winter storm rushing to its utter end ever-sounding sea "yes, come in!" i cried but at the windy snow-hung gate knocking still went on giddy grasshopper take care, do not leap and crush these pearls of dewdrop so hot this dry month all the world bleached like driftwood grain in stark relief butterflies only fluttering in this warm field a flower banquet open mouth reveals your whole wet interior silly hollow frog! april's air stirs in willow-leaves a butterfly floats and balances graven images piles of dry spiritless leaves: temple companions cloudbank curling low? ah! the mountain yoshino cherry cumulus! carven gods long gone dead leaves alone foregather on the temple porch green pine and blue sky like a match made in heaven white cloud is welcome ballet in the air twin butterflies until, twice white they meet, they mate deep in dark forest a woodcutter's axe talking and a woodcutter first white snow of fall just enough to bend the leaves of faded daffodils fie! this fickle world! three days neglected cherry- branch and you are bare white plate with tuna seared lightly in vinegar pink sake fills cup shocking the red of lacquered fingernails against white chrysanthemum cat on tall bookcase do you think I don't see you or your flicking tail? plume of pampas grass trembling in every wind hush, my lonely heart seas are wild tonight stretching over the island silent clouds of stars hanging the lantern on that full white blooming bough exquisite your care! considerate dogs stepping off into the snow as i walk the path roaring winter storm rushing to its utter end ever-sounding sea good evening breeze! crooked and meandering your homeward journey oh lucky beggar! bright heaven and cool earth your summer outfit the fields harvested a sake jug pay enough for a man like me oh! i ate them all and oh! what a stomach ache green stolen apples forest in winter winds howl in rage and fury with no leaves to blow for a cool evening i hired the old temple porch penny in the dish by that fallen house the pear tree stands full blooming an ancient battle site tombstones tilt forward as if through long acquaintance yearn to join the dead lend me water please? some fresh young morning glory, careless took my well dew evaporates and all our world is but dew so fresh, so fleeting a dead leaf stirring crescendo high in the pines the storm-front arrives green pine and blue sky like a match made in heaven white cloud is welcome my good father raged when i snapped the peony precious memory! a bright autumn moon in the shadow of each grass an insect chirping now my loneliness following the bright fireworks look! a falling star! butterflies only fluttering in this warm field a flower banquet a flooding river banks unseen, water foaming, invades a forest the red dragon flies a flowing banner across the dark crimson sky a short summer night but in this solemn darkness one peony bloomed a lost child crying stumbling over the dark fields catching the fireflies when the lamp goes out cool stars enter the window this hot evening such utter silence! even the crickets singing muffled by hot rocks temple gongs echo in the hot caressing night just before the rain just after noontime cows wade in a shadeless pond and start bellowing angry i strode home but stooping in my garden calm old willow tree a single dewdrop shining brightly on a rock like a lost diamond if there were fragrance these heavy snowflakes settling lilies on the rocks roaring winter storm rushing to its utter end ever-sounding sea plume of pampas grass trembling in every wind hush, my lonely heart going snow-viewing one by one the walkers vanish whitely falling veils while i turned my head that traveler i'd just passed melted into mist two ancient pine trees pair of gnarled and sturdy hands with ten green fingers ginger simmers with vinegar in hot steel wok dumplings rolled beside descending seaward far-off mountain waterfall winter nights are still in hills near Honshu sharply-edged temple archways cut round-bellied trees snow-swallowed valley: only the winding river black fluent brush stroke a short summer night but in this solemn darkness one peony bloomed forest in winter winds howl in rage and fury with no leaves to blow now from cherry trees millions of maidens flying from fierce warlord storm a flooding river banks unseen, water foaming, invades a forest mountain rose petals falling, falling, falling now waterfall music buzzing the bee trades peony for peony with the butterfly lonely umbrella passing the house at twilight first snow  falling soft mountain rose petals falling, falling, falling now waterfall music at furue in rain gray water and gray sand a picture without lines one fallen flower returning to the branch? oh no! a white butterfly butterflies only fluttering in this warm field a flower banquet bright red pepper pod it needs but shiny wings, look: darting dragonfly! see: surviving sons visit the ancestral grave bearded, with bent canes in the twilight rain these brilliant-hued hibiscus a lovely sunset see the heavy leaf on the silent windless day falls of its own will the old fisherman unalterably intent cold evening rain a moon in the pond a moon in the pond-like sky and me in between flat-bottomed rain clouds glide over distant ridgelines like bellies of snails angry i strode home but stooping in my garden calm old willow tree clouds in the distance for a moment I believe I see blue mountains a lowering sky geese arrow skims the treeline far off to the west so enviable maple-leaves most glorious contemplating death a moon in the pond a moon in the pond-like sky and me in between one fallen flower returning to the branch? oh no! a white butterfly a jagged bat dance in the Atsuta twilight: spots before old eyes live in simple faith just as this trusting cherry flowers, fades, and falls a single dewdrop shining brightly on a rock like a lost diamond moon so bright for love! hear the farmer by that light flailing at his rice! now my loneliness following the bright fireworks look! a falling star! green shadow dances see our young banana tree pattering the screen my two plum trees are so gracious see, they flower one now, one later ballet in the air twin butterflies until, twice white they meet, they mate a lost child crying stumbling over the dark fields catching the fireflies this snowy morning that black crow i hate so much but he's beautiful! snow-swallowed valley: only the winding river black fluent brush stroke gray marsh and black cloud flapping in autumn rain last old slow heron buzzing the bee trades peony for peony with the butterfly dew evaporates and all our world is but dew so fresh, so fleeting november sunrise uncertain, the cold storks stand bare sticks in water mirror-pond of stars suddenly a summer shower dimples the water not a voice or stir darkness lies on fields and streets sad: the moon has set dry and light as air the pages of an old book it smells of reading amorous cat, alas you too must yowl with your love or even worse, without! in the bright blue sky a faint moon, a spirit moon, looking out of place nine times arising to see the moon whose solemn pace marks just midnight standing still at dusk listen in far distances the song of froglings! toward those short trees we saw a hawk descending on a day in spring oh sorry tom cat bigger blacker knights of love have knocked you out! winter rain deepens lichened letters on the grave and my old sadness my shadowy path i've swept all day and now oh no! a camellia shower! just after noontime cows wade in a shadeless pond and start bellowing two ancient pine trees pair of gnarled and sturdy hands with ten green fingers amorous cat, alas you too must yowl with your love or even worse, without! sadly I part from you like a clam torn from its shell I go with autumn my two plum trees are so gracious see, they flower one now, one later ballet in the air twin butterflies until, twice white they meet, they mate black desolate moor i bow before the buddha lighted in thunder slanting lines of rain on the dusty samisen a mouse is trotting why so scrawny, cat? starving for fat fish or mice or a backyard love? before boiled chestnuts cross-legged lad is squatting carved wooden buddha my good father raged when i snapped the peony precious memory! in this windy nest open your hungry mouth now in vain my stepchild carven gods long gone dead leaves alone foregather on the temple porch weathered skeleton in windy fields of memory piercing like a knife this snowy morning that black crow i hate so much but he's beautiful! so hot this dry month all the world bleached like driftwood grain in stark relief the snake departed but the little eyes that glared dew, shining in grass for the emperor himself he won't lift his hat a stiff-backed scarecrow voices of two bells that speak from twilight temples ah! cool dialogue i am going out be good and play together my cricket children Oranged-tinged granite lines the tea-colored river in great southern land a sunny hillside and look! blueberry bushes! even the dog eats them sick on my journey only my dreams will wander these desolate moors you stupid scarecrow! under your very stick-feet birds are stealing beans! hard the beggar's bed but sociable and busy with insect-talking awakened at night: a hound bays, the moon ignores the owl says nothing hanging the lantern on that full white blooming bough exquisite your care! now in late autumn look, on my old rubbish heap blue morning glory butterflies only fluttering in this warm field a flower banquet white moth, flutter off: fly back into my breast now quickly, my own soul! Oranged-tinged granite lines the tea-colored river in great southern land in the bright blue sky a pale moon, a spirit moon looking out of place unrequited love! elevate your chin and keen tom-cat, to the moon! a dead leaf stirring crescendo high in the pines the storm-front arrives dim the grey cow comes mooing mooing and mooing from the morning mist i must turn over beware of local earthquakes bedfellow cricket! you stupid scarecrow! under your very stick-feet birds are stealing beans! by that fallen house the pear tree stands full blooming an ancient battle site if you were silent flight of herons on dark sky oh! autumn snowflakes! mirror-pond of stars suddenly a summer shower dimples the water oh former renter i know it all, all down to the deep cold you felt giddy grasshopper take care, do not leap and crush these pearls of dewdrop a ruined treehouse memories of days long past the world bathed in sun plume of pampas grass trembling in every wind hush, my lonely heart many solemn nights blond moon, we stand and marvel sleeping our noons away a flooding river banks unseen, water foaming, invades a forest in the twilight rain these brilliant-hued hibiscus a lovely sunset blossoming white caps has snow returned to water, flowering at sea? in these dark waters drawn up from my frozen well glittering of spring cruel autumn wind cutting to the very bones of my poor scarecrow mirror-pond of stars suddenly a summer shower dimples the water if you were silent flight of herons on dark sky oh! autumn snowflakes! for the emperor himself he won't lift his hat a stiff-backed scarecrow pretty butterflies watch out for pine needle points in this gusty wind! here, where a thousand captains swore grand conquest tall grass their monument a flooding river banks unseen, water foaming, invades a forest glorious the moon therefore our thanks dark clouds come to rest our necks dry cheerful cricket chirping, keeps the autumn gay scornful of the frost Oranged-tinged granite lines the tea-colored river in great southern land just after noontime cows wade in a shadeless pond and start bellowing dry cheerful cricket chirping, keeps the autumn gay scornful of the frost now in sad autumn as i take my darkening path a solitary bird now be a good boy take good care of our house cricket my child this cool gentle mist born of thunder and fury underneath the falls but when i halted on the windy street at noon snow struck against me weathered skeleton in windy fields of memory piercing like a knife not a voice or stir darkness lies on fields and streets sad: the moon has set good friend grasshopper will you play the caretaker for my little grave? defeated in fray by bigger battlers for love tom cat seeks a mouse all heaven and earth flowered white obliterate snow unceasing snow old weary willows i thought how long the road would be when you were gone hanging the lantern on that full white blooming bough exquisite your care! a splash in the pond bugs once floating in the moon now supper for trout roaring winter storm rushing to its utter end ever-sounding sea winter solitude- in a world of one colour the sound of the wind a sharp shovel thrust the half-ends of worms and grubs food for the sapling for morning-glories i can foresee grave danger single-stick practice! old weary willows i thought how long the road would be when you were gone good evening breeze! crooked and meandering your homeward journey a sunny hillside and look! blueberry bushes! even the dog eats them hi! kids mimicking cormorants you are more like cormorants than they! standing still at dusk listen in far distances the song of froglings! oh former renter i know it all, all down to the deep cold you felt april's air stirs in willow-leaves a butterfly floats and balances in the sea surf edge mingling with bright small seashells bush clover petals plume of pampas grass trembling in every wind hush, my lonely heart when the lamp goes out cool stars enter the window this hot evening describe plum blossoms? better than my verses white wordless butterflies a moon in the pond a moon in the pond-like sky and me in between nice: wild persimmons and notice how the mother eats the bitter parts if there were fragrance these heavy snowflakes settling lilies on the rocks in the farther field scarecrow kept me company walking as i walked fie! this fickle world! three days neglected cherry- branch and you are bare when the lamp goes out cool stars enter the window this hot evening take the round flat moon snap this twig for a handle what a pretty fan! what a peony demanding to be measured by my little fan! mountain rose petals falling, falling, falling now waterfall music a jagged bat dance in the Atsuta twilight: spots before old eyes if you were silent flight of herons on dark sky oh! autumn snowflakes! between our two lives there is also the life of the cherry blossom if there were fragrance these heavy snowflakes settling lilies on the rocks see the morning breeze ruffling his so silky hair cool caterpillar rusted gate opens screeching like a thing alive voicing displeasure faraway cloudbanks that I let myself pretend are distant mountains if strangers threaten turn into fat green bullfrogs pond-cooling melons wake! the sky is light! let us to the road again friendly butterfly! women planting rice ugly every bit about them but their ancient song all heaven and earth flowered white obliterate snow unceasing snow a flooding river banks unseen, water foaming, invades a forest i am going out be good and play together my cricket children a far bank of clouds that I let myself pretend are distant mountains deep in dark forest a woodcutter's axe talking and a woodcutter rusted gate opens screeching like a thing alive voicing displeasure darting dragonfly pull off its shiny wings, look: bright red pepper pod! oh! i ate them all and oh! what a stomach ache green stolen apples white plate with tuna seared lightly in vinegar pink sake fills cup in the bright blue sky a faint moon, a spirit moon, looking out of place thunder and lightning the shaking hut not so bad as the shaking dog one fallen flower returning to the branch? oh no! a white butterfly here, where a thousand captains swore grand conquest tall grass their monument the still summer pond willow tendrils caress it like a lover's face ah! i intended never never to grow old listen: new year's bell! but when i halted on the windy street at noon snow struck against me in the open shop paperweights on picture books young springtime breezes fireworks ended and spectators gone away and now how vast and dark! this cool gentle mist born of thunder and fury underneath the falls oh sorry tom cat bigger blacker knights of love have knocked you out! this cool gentle mist born of thunder and fury underneath the falls don't weep, you insects lovers, even stars themselves, given time must part see: surviving sons visit the ancestral grave bearded, with bent canes temple gongs echo in the hot caressing night just before the rain in the city fields contemplating cherry trees strangers are like friends hard the beggar's bed but sociable and busy with insect-talking dirty bathwater where can i pour you?  insects singing in the grass deep in dark forest a woodcutter's axe talking and a woodcutter pebbles shining clear, and clear six silent fishes deep autumn water glorious the moon therefore our thanks dark clouds come to rest our necks do your worst, old frost you can no longer wound me -last chrysanthemum such a little child to send to be a priestling icy poverty in the open shop paperweights on picture books young springtime breezes by that fallen house the pear tree stands full blooming an ancient battle site a sharp shovel thrust the half-ends of worms and grubs food for the sapling cloud of cherry bloom tolling twilight bell temple ueno? asakura? crossing it alone in cold moonlight the brittle bridge echoes my steps windy winter rain my silly big umbrella tries walking backward a far bank of clouds that I let myself pretend are distant mountains for morning-glories i can foresee grave danger single-stick practice! if strangers threaten turn into fat green bullfrogs pond-cooling melons torches! come and see the burglar i have captured oh! my eldest son! mountain rose petals falling, falling, falling now waterfall music i must turn over beware of local earthquakes bedfellow cricket! moon so bright for love! hear the farmer by that light flailing at his rice! all heaven and earth flowered white obliterate snow unceasing snow pebbles shining clear, and clear six silent fishes deep autumn water thunder and lightning the shaking hut not so bad as the shaking dog fireworks ended and spectators gone away and now how vast and dark! open mouth reveals your whole wet interior silly hollow frog! five or six of us remain, huddled together bent old willow trees against the bright moon a broken cedar still stands like me defiant a saddening world: flowers whose sweet blooms must fall as we too, alas white moth, flutter off: fly back into my breast now quickly, my own soul! in the farther field scarecrow kept me company walking as i walked winter rain deepens lichened letters on the grave and my old sadness sadly I part from you like a clam torn from its shell I go with autumn this snowy morning that black crow i hate so much but he's beautiful! in autumn twilight a scarecrow sags on his pole the crows now at roost what a peony demanding to be measured by my little fan! a sudden tavern not dead yet at journey's end but empty pockets shocking the red of lacquered fingernails against white chrysanthemum cat on tall bookcase do you think I don't see you or your flicking tail? white plate and white cup tuna seared in vinegar sake pink and chilled fireworks ended and spectators gone away and now how vast and dark! cold first winter rain poor monkey, you too could use a little cape see the heavy leaf on the silent windless day falls of its own will a flooding river banks unseen, water foaming, invades a forest ashes my burnt hut but wonderful the cherry blooming on my hill the fragrance of plums: carrying me back to home childhood's happy time for a lovely bowl let us arrange these flowers since there is no rice a white swan swimming parting with her unmoved breast cherry-petaled pond many solemn nights blond moon, we stand and marvel sleeping our noons away a single cricket chirps, chirps, chirps, and is still my candle sinks and dies moss-covered boulder heavy roots in piles of leaves a stop in the woods do your worst, old frost you can no longer wound me -last chrysanthemum before boiled chestnuts cross-legged lad is squatting carved wooden buddha over the mountain bright the full white moon now smiles on the flower first white snow of fall just enough to bend the leaves of faded daffodils this snowy morning that black crow i hate so much but he's beautiful! awakened at night: a hound bays, the moon ignores the owl says nothing a sudden tavern not dead yet at journey's end but empty pockets so enviable maple-leaves most glorious contemplating death five or six of us remain, huddled together bent old willow trees white cloud of mist above white cherry blossoms dawn shining mountains descending seaward far-off mountain waterfall winter nights are still at furue in rain gray water and gray sand a picture without lines so hot this dry month squirrels lie flat on pine limbs ignoring their fleas in mountain twilight hills become just faint gray clouds drifting off in waves hanging the lantern on that full white blooming bough exquisite your care! in the open shop paperweights on picture books young springtime breezes for the emperor himself he won't lift his hat a stiff-backed scarecrow first autumn morning the mirror I stare into shows my father's face my shadowy path i've swept all day and now oh no! a camellia shower! in the bright blue sky a pale moon, a spirit moon looking out of place forest in winter winds howl in rage and fury with no leaves to blow vendor of bright fans carrying his pack of breeze suffocating heat! oh lucky beggar! bright heaven and cool earth your summer outfit peony petal fell in silent dawn spilling a water jewel slanting lines of rain on the dusty samisen a mouse is trotting white plate with tuna seared lightly in vinegar pink sake fills cup i gave the greetings of the bright new year as though i held a plum branch white cloud of mist above white cherry blossoms dawn shining mountains mountain rose petals falling, falling, falling now waterfall music wisteria blooms an arbor of hanging grapes wine for bees and wasps such a little child to send to be a priestling icy poverty in the bright blue sky a faint moon, a spirit moon searching for the night now in late autumn look, on my old rubbish heap blue morning glory a sharp shovel thrust the half-ends of worms and grubs food for the sapling now be a good boy take good care of our house cricket my child an old silent pond a frog jumps into the pond splash! silence again going snow-viewing one by one the walkers vanish whitely falling veils can't it get away from the sticky pine branches cicada singing? forest in winter winds howl in rage and fury with no leaves to blow buzzing the bee trades peony for peony with the butterfly long the summer day patterns on the ocean sand our idle footprints i must turn over beware of local earthquakes bedfellow cricket! such utter silence! even the crickets singing muffled by hot rocks cloudbank curling low? ah! the mountain yoshino cherry cumulus! there is such a thing as the pressure of darkness just before the dawn taro leaves and twigs awaiting the slow moonrise on the black burnt field wake! the sky is light! let us to the road again friendly butterfly! in mountain twilight hills become just faint gray clouds drifting off in waves what a peony demanding to be measured by my little fan! in the bright blue sky: a spirit moon, pale and lost, searching for the night nothing in the cry of cicadas suggests they are about to die a ruined treehouse memories of days long past the world bathed in sun two ancient pine trees pair of gnarled and sturdy hands with ten green fingers a splash in the pond bugs once floating in the moon now supper for trout first autumn morning the mirror I stare into shows my father's face seek on high bare trails sky-reflecting violets mountaintop jewels swallow in the dusk spare my little buzzing friends among the flowers blossoming white caps has snow returned to water, flowering at sea? defeated in fray by bigger battlers for love tom cat seeks a mouse a single cricket chirps, chirps, chirps, and is still my candle sinks and dies pretty butterflies watch out for pine needle points in this gusty wind! rusted gate opens screeching like a thing alive voicing displeasure nice: wild persimmons and notice how the mother eats the bitter parts the fields harvested a sake jug pay enough for a man like me buddha on the hill from your holy nose indeed hangs an icicle will we meet again here at your flowering grave two white butterflies? words on stone tombstone now weathered shallow trenches like worm tracks on sand windy winter rain my silly big umbrella tries walking backward wild geese write a line flap flapping across the sky comical dutch script from dark windy hills voice driving weary horses shouting of the storm ballet in the air twin butterflies until, twice white they meet, they mate while i turned my head that traveler i'd just passed melted into mist like a thing alive rusted gate screeches open even things feel pain but when i halted on the windy street at noon snow struck against me awakened at night by sounds of the water jar cracking from the ice white plate and white cup tuna seared in vinegar sake pink and chilled women planting rice ugly every bit about them but their ancient song why so scrawny, cat? starving for fat fish or mice or a backyard love? torches! come and see the burglar i have captured oh! my eldest son! at our last parting bending between boat and shore that weeping willow in these dark waters drawn up from my frozen well glittering of spring eleven brave knights canter through the whirling snow not one bends his neck dry and light as air the pages of an old book it smells of reading describe plum blossoms? better than my verses, white wordless butterflies oh lucky beggar! bright heaven and cool earth your summer outfit clouds in the distance for a moment I believe I see blue mountains white sails and white clouds: my far-away horizon, is their here and now in dim dusk and scent a witness now half hidden evenfall orchid my good father raged when i snapped the peony precious memory! describe plum blossoms? better than my verses, white wordless butterflies white sails and white clouds strung out on the horizon change their shapes and go first autumn morning the mirror I stare into shows my father's face gritty windblown dust: such a strange harbinger of driving sheets of rain words on stone tombstone now weathered shallow trenches like worm tracks on sand there near the roadside an innkeeper bent and gray pipe smoke on the wind April's air stirs in willow leaves, a butterfly floats and balances moon so bright for love! hear the farmer by that light flailing at his rice! one fallen flower returning to the branch? oh no! a white butterfly lonely umbrella passing the house at twilight first snow  falling soft dry and light as air the pages of an old book it smells of reading a gate made all of twigs, woven grass for hinges for a lock this snail samuri charges bearded face full of fury swordhand full of death before boiled chestnuts cross-legged lad is squatting carved wooden buddha a splash in the pond bugs once floating in the moon now supper for trout dew evaporates and all our world is but dew so fresh, so fleeting so hot this dry month squirrels lie flat on pine limbs ignoring their fleas for a lovely bowl let us arrange these flowers since there is no rice in this windy nest open your hungry mouth now in vain my stepchild vendor of bright fans carrying his pack of breeze suffocating heat! the fragrance of plums: carrying me back to home childhood's happy time a lost child crying stumbling over the dark fields catching the fireflies And now I see them coming through the stormy woods making good speed.  Wolves. for a cool evening i hired the old temple porch penny in the dish autumn mosquitoes buzz me, bite me see, i am long prepared for death green shadow dances see our young banana tree pattering the screen oh do not swat them unhappy flies forever wringing their thin hands rash tomcat lover careless even of that rice stuck in your whiskers so hot this dry month all the world bleached like driftwood grain in stark relief winter seclusion listening, that evening to rain on the roof over the mountain bright the full white moon now smiles on the flower winter rain deepens lichened letters on the grave and my old sadness a wintery day from high on my horse I see a frozen shadow the tree cut in Spring dawn breaks so much earlier at my small window clouds in the distance for a moment I believe I see blue mountains April's air stirs in willow leaves, a butterfly floats and balances peony petal fell in silent dawn spilling a water jewel going snow-viewing one by one the walkers vanish whitely falling veils cold winter shower see all the people running across the stone bridge! pebbles shining clear, and clear six silent fishes deep autumn water cruel autumn wind cutting to the very bones of my poor scarecrow blossoming white caps has snow returned to water, flowering at sea? describe plum blossoms? better than my verses, white wordless butterflies white chrysanthemum before that perfect flower scissors hesitate in the bright blue sky: a spirit moon, pale and lost, searching for the night sadly I part from you like a clam torn from its shell I go with autumn dry cheerful cricket chirping, keeps the autumn gay scornful of the frost at the fall of night: a branch scratching the window: time to bar the door this cool gentle mist born of thunder and fury underneath the falls april's air stirs in willow-leaves a butterfly floats and balances buzzing the bee trades peony for peony with the butterfly crossing it alone in cold moonlight the brittle bridge echoes my steps the fragrance of plums: carrying me back to home childhood's happy time green curls over and white falls under boom boom boom on the sun-bright sand hard the beggar's bed but sociable and busy with insect-talking deepen, drop, and die many-hued chrysanthemums one black earth for all now in sad autumn as i take my darkening path a solitary bird temple gongs echo in the hot caressing night just before the rain rainy month, dripping on and on as i lie abed ah, old man's memories! in mountain twilight hills become just faint gray clouds drifting off in waves green shadow dances see our young banana tree pattering the screen bamboo shoots and my childhood dreams of the forest entwine at my feet silent the old town the scent of flowers floating and evening bell from dark windy hills voice driving weary horses shouting of the storm pebbles shining clear, and clear six silent fishes deep autumn water yellow autumn moon unimpressed the scarecrow stands simply looking bored open mouth reveals your whole wet interior silly hollow frog! here, where a thousand captains swore grand conquest tall grass their monument stick-end breaks water then suddenly vanishes a turtle sighting in the open shop paperweights on picture books young springtime breezes old dark sleepy pool quick unexpected frog goes plop! a watersplash! forest in winter winds howl in rage and fury with no leaves to blow crossing it alone in cold moonlight the brittle bridge echoes my steps a sudden tavern not dead yet at journey's end but empty pockets when the lamp goes out cool stars enter the window this hot evening gray marsh and black cloud flapping in autumn rain last old slow heron awakened at night by sounds of the water jar cracking from the ice ah me! i am one who spends his little breakfast morningglory gazing see the heavy leaf on the silent windless day falls of its own will so enviable maple-leaves most glorious contemplating death my shadowy path i've swept all day and now oh no! a camellia shower! a white swan swimming parting with her unmoved breast cherry-petaled pond faraway cloudbanks that I let myself pretend are distant mountains oh lucky beggar! bright heaven and cool earth your summer outfit lend me water please? some fresh young morning glory, careless took my well sadly I part from you like a clam torn from its shell I go with autumn see the heavy leaf on the silent windless day falls of its own will a sunny hillside and look! blueberry bushes! even the dog eats them in autumn twilight a scarecrow sags on his pole the crows now at roost darting dragonfly pull off its shiny wings, look: bright red pepper pod! taro leaves and twigs awaiting the slow moonrise on the black burnt field the fields harvested a sake jug pay enough for a man like me seek on high bare trails sky-reflecting violets mountaintop jewels hanging the lantern on that full white blooming bough exquisite your care! an old silent pond a frog jumps into the pond splash! silence again arise from sleep, cat, and with great yawns and stretchings amble out for love deep in dark forest a woodcutter's axe talking and a woodcutter a saddening world: flowers whose sweet blooms must fall as we too, alas my good father raged when i snapped the peony precious memory! rusted gate opens screeching like a thing alive voicing displeasure cloud of cherry bloom tolling twilight bell temple ueno? asakura? dry cheerful cricket chirping, keeps the autumn gay scornful of the frost there near the roadside an innkeeper bent and gray pipe smoke on the wind there is such a thing as the pressure of darkness just before the dawn asking for their road seven yellow bamboo hats all turned together like a thing alive rusted gate screeches open even things feel pain the sea darkening oh voices of the wild ducks crying, whirling, white dewdrop, let me cleanse here in your brief sweet waters these dark hands of life this snowy morning that black crow i hate so much but he's beautiful! mirror-pond of stars suddenly a summer shower dimples the water under cherry trees soup, the salad, fish and all seasoned with petals a break in the trees an ocean of fields spreads out below the hill's crest cat on tall bookcase do you think I don't see you or your flicking tail? a saddening world: flowers whose sweet blooms must fall as we too, alas at the fall of night: a branch scratching the window: time to bar the door lend me water please? some fresh young morning glory, careless took my well arise from sleep, cat, and with great yawns and stretchings amble out for love night is bright with stars silly woman, whimpering: shall i light the lamp? dancing in my silks money tossed itself away pretty, this paper dress! dead my old fine hopes and dry my dreaming but still iris, blue each spring the swift moon racing the branches still holding rain a chorus of frogs a single cricket chirps, chirps, chirps, and is still my candle sinks and dies long the summer day patterns on the ocean sand our idle footprints a nursemaid scarecrow frightening the wind and sun from playing baby the snake departed but the little eyes that glared dew, shining in grass nothing in the cry of cicadas suggests they are about to die twilight whippoorwill whistle on sweet deepener of dark loneliness stupid hot melons rolling like fat idiots out from leafy shade! no oil to read by i am off to bed  but ah! my moonlit pillow like a thing alive rusted gate screeches open even things feel pain open mouth reveals your whole wet interior silly hollow frog! the laden wagon runs bumbling and creaking down three peonies tremble i must turn over beware of local earthquakes bedfellow cricket! now the swinging bridge is quieted with creepers like our tendrilled life flower in the stream thus too my life must end like another flower winter rain deepens lichened letters on the grave and my old sadness white plate with tuna seared lightly in vinegar pink sake fills cup against the bright moon a broken cedar still stands like me defiant shocking the red of lacquered fingernails against white chrysanthemum from out of nowhere wandering clouds give brief rest to moon-beholders lonely umbrella passing the house at twilight first snow  falling soft voices of two bells that speak from twilight temples ah! cool dialogue the tree cut in Spring dawn breaks so much earlier at my small window far across low mist intermittently the lake lifts a snow-white sail butterfly asleep folded soft on temple bell then the bronze gong rang! oh do not swat them unhappy flies forever wringing their thin hands before boiled chestnuts cross-legged lad is squatting carved wooden buddha there is such a thing as the pressure of darkness just before the dawn in autumn twilight a scarecrow sags on his pole the crows now at roost ashes my burnt hut but wonderful the cherry blooming on my hill wild geese write a line flap flapping across the sky comical dutch script fie! this fickle world! three days neglected cherry- branch and you are bare a break in the trees an ocean of fields spreads out below the hill's crest if you were silent flight of herons on dark sky oh! autumn snowflakes! flower in the stream thus too my life must end like another flower in mountain twilight hills become just faint gray clouds drifting off in waves first autumn morning the mirror I stare into shows my father's face unrequited love! elevate your chin and keen tom-cat, to the moon! in autumn twilight a scarecrow sags on his pole the crows now at roost at our last parting bending between boat and shore that weeping willow going snow-viewing one by one the walkers vanish whitely falling veils dry cheerful cricket chirping, keeps the autumn gay scornful of the frost And now I see them coming through the stormy woods making good speed.  Wolves. sitting quietly doing nothing yet Spring comes grass grows by itself lonely umbrella passing the house at twilight first snow  falling soft yellow autumn moon unimpressed the scarecrow stands simply looking bored nice: wild persimmons and notice how the mother eats the bitter parts now be a good boy take good care of our house cricket my child toward those short trees we saw a hawk descending on a day in spring carven gods long gone dead leaves alone foregather on the temple porch chilling autumn rain the moon, too bright for showers, slips from their fingers moon so bright for love! come closer, quilt and enfold my passionate cold! a jagged bat dance in the Atsuta twilight: spots before old eyes see: surviving sons visit the ancestral grave bearded, with bent canes windy winter rain my silly big umbrella tries walking backward graven images piles of dry spiritless leaves: temple companions in the bright blue sky a faint moon, a spirit moon, looking out of place a sunny hillside and look! blueberry bushes! even the dog eats them one fallen flower returning to the branch? oh no! a white butterfly butterflies only fluttering in this warm field a flower banquet lend me water please? some fresh young morning glory, careless took my well peony petal fell in silent dawn spilling a water jewel for a cool evening i hired the old temple porch penny in the dish a sharp shovel thrust the half-ends of worms and grubs food for the sapling voices of two bells that speak from twilight temples ah! cool dialogue under cherry trees soup, the salad, fish and all seasoned with petals oh sorry tom cat bigger blacker knights of love have knocked you out! in the sea surf edge mingling with bright small seashells bush clover petals in the bright blue sky: a spirit moon, pale and lost, searching for the night the temple bell stops but the sound keeps echoing out of the flowers considerate dogs stepping off into the snow as i walk the path under cherry trees soup, the salad, fish and all seasoned with petals the still summer pond willow tendrils caress it like a lover's face wisteria blooms an arbor of hanging grapes wine for bees and wasps lady butterfly perfumes her wings by floating over the orchid boughs rub together: the legs of giant crickets calling for a mate? can't it get away from the sticky pine branches cicada singing? snow-swallowed valley: only the winding river black fluent brush stroke a wintery day from high on my horse I see a frozen shadow a dead leaf stirring crescendo high in the pines the storm-front arrives ballet in the air twin butterflies until, twice white they meet, they mate green curls over and white falls under boom boom boom on the sun-bright sand a single dewdrop shining brightly on a rock like a lost diamond for morning-glories i can foresee grave danger single-stick practice! playing hide and seek amongst the cherry blossoms sparrows start my day words on wood tombstones now rotted, unreadable all is forgotten cruel autumn wind cutting to the very bones of my poor scarecrow the fields harvested a sake jug pay enough for a man like me open mouth reveals your whole wet interior silly hollow frog! what a peony demanding to be measured by my little fan! castle in valley like a feudal fairytale of Inuyasha cloudbank curling low? ah! the mountain yoshino cherry cumulus! cat on tall bookcase do you think I don't see you or your flicking tail? the tree cut in Spring dawn breaks so much earlier at my small window words on wood tombstones now rotted, unreadable all is forgotten rash tomcat lover careless even of that rice stuck in your whiskers can't it get away from the sticky pine branches cicada singing? cruel autumn wind cutting to the very bones of my poor scarecrow wake! the sky is light! let us to the road again friendly butterfly! in the bright blue sky a pale moon, a spirit moon looking out of place oh lucky beggar! bright heaven and cool earth your summer outfit a windfall apple a man with merging eyebrows never trust these two awakened at night: a hound bays, the moon ignores the owl says nothing the temple bell stops but the sound keeps echoing out of the flowers white cloud of mist above white cherry blossoms dawn shining mountains oh do not swat them unhappy flies forever wringing their thin hands butterflies only fluttering in this warm field a flower banquet a far bank of clouds that I let myself pretend are distant mountains dancing in my silks money tossed itself away pretty, this paper dress! words on stone tombstone now weathered shallow trenches like worm tracks on sand beneath a tree branch in a gap just large enough the lantern moon hangs a flooding river banks unseen, water foaming, invades a forest mountain rose petals falling, falling, falling now waterfall music so enviable maple-leaves most glorious contemplating death before boiled chestnuts cross-legged lad is squatting carved wooden buddha nothing in the cry of cicadas suggests they are about to die nine times arising to see the moon whose solemn pace marks just midnight in hills near Honshu sharply-edged temple archways cut round-bellied trees cold first winter rain poor monkey, you too could use a little cape darting dragonfly pull off its shiny wings, look: bright red pepper pod! a jagged bat dance in the Atsuta twilight: spots before old eyes call him back! ah no, he's blown from sight already fish-peddler in snow such a little child to send to be a priestling icy poverty hanging the lantern on that full white blooming bough exquisite your care! the tree cut in Spring dawn breaks so much earlier at my small window a lowering sky geese arrow skims the treeline far off to the west first autumn morning the mirror I stare into shows my father's face at the fall of night: a branch scratching the window: time to bar the door a single dewdrop shining brightly on a rock like a lost diamond clouds in the distance for a moment I believe I see blue mountains when the lamp goes out cool stars enter the window this hot evening dry cheerful cricket chirping, keeps the autumn gay scornful of the frost seek on high bare trails sky-reflecting violets mountaintop jewels dewdrop, let me cleanse here in your brief sweet waters these dark hands of life stupid hot melons rolling like fat idiots out from leafy shade! i am going out be good and play together my cricket children i gave the greetings of the bright new year as though i held a plum branch amorous cat, alas you too must yowl with your love or even worse, without! mountain rose petals falling, falling, falling now waterfall music all heaven and earth flowered white obliterate snow unceasing snow Dimming of old eyes Like a veil transcending day heralding the night now the swinging bridge is quieted with creepers like our tendrilled life considerate dogs stepping off into the snow as i walk the path hanging the lantern on that full white blooming bough exquisite your care! call him back! ah no, he's blown from sight already fish-peddler in snow in the sea surf edge mingling with bright small seashells bush clover petals asking for their road seven yellow bamboo hats all turned together peony petal fell in silent dawn spilling a water jewel a lowering sky geese arrow skims the treeline far off to the west buzzing the bee trades peony for peony with the butterfly crossing it alone in cold moonlight the brittle bridge echoes my steps call him back! ah no, he's blown from sight already fish-peddler in snow call him back! ah no, he's blown from sight already fish-peddler in snow swallow in the dusk spare my little buzzing friends among the flowers a flooding river banks unseen, water foaming, invades a forest carven gods long gone dead leaves alone foregather on the temple porch for the emperor himself he won't lift his hat a stiff-backed scarecrow cloud of cherry bloom tolling twilight bell temple ueno? asakura? sadness at twilight villain! i have let my hand cut that peony all heaven and earth flowered white obliterate snow unceasing snow cloud of cherry bloom tolling twilight bell temple ueno? asakura? such utter silence! even the crickets singing muffled by hot rocks vendor of bright fans carrying his pack of breeze suffocating heat! in silent midnight our old scarecrow topples down weird hollow echo a saddening world: flowers whose sweet blooms must fall as we too, alas vendor of bright fans carrying his pack of breeze suffocating heat! oh sorry tom cat bigger blacker knights of love have knocked you out! cloud of cherry bloom tolling twilight bell temple ueno? asakura? rash tomcat lover careless even of that rice stuck in your whiskers pebbles shining clear, and clear six silent fishes deep autumn water green pine and blue sky like a match made in heaven white cloud is welcome mirror-pond of stars suddenly a summer shower dimples the water in the farther field scarecrow kept me company walking as i walked bright red pepper pod it needs but shiny wings, look: darting dragonfly! the old fisherman unalterably intent cold evening rain now be a good boy take good care of our house cricket my child a jagged bat dance in the Atsuta twilight: spots before old eyes when the lamp goes out cool stars enter the window this hot evening a white swan swimming parting with her unmoved breast cherry-petaled pond green shadow dances see our young banana tree pattering the screen long the summer day patterns on the ocean sand our idle footprints describe plum blossoms? better than my verses, white wordless butterflies a moon in the pond a moon in the pond-like sky and me in between don't weep, you insects lovers, even stars themselves, given time must part a break in the trees an ocean of fields spreads out below the hill's crest ashes my burnt hut but wonderful the cherry blooming on my hill between our two lives there is also the life of the cherry blossom a field of tall grass: all that remains of dreams of ancient warriors green pine and blue sky like a match made in heaven white cloud is welcome the tree cut in Spring dawn breaks so much earlier at my small window mountain rose petals falling, falling, falling now waterfall music none broke the silence nor visitor nor host nor white chrysanthemum now that eyes of hawks in dusky night are darkened chirping of the quails on this winter pond the wild ducks float quietly like dark fallen leaves the tree cut in Spring dawn breaks so much earlier at my small window butterflies only fluttering in this warm field a flower banquet angry i strode home but stooping in my garden calm old willow tree lady butterfly perfumes her wings by floating over the orchid night is bright with stars silly woman, whimpering: shall i light the lamp? nothing in the cry of cicadas suggests they are about to die many solemn nights blond moon, we stand and marvel sleeping our noons away "yes, come in!" i cried but at the windy snow-hung gate knocking still went on an old silent pond a frog jumps into the pond splash! silence again old weary willows i thought how long the road would be when you were gone wisteria blooms an arbor of hanging grapes wine for bees and wasps if there were fragrance these heavy snowflakes settling lilies on the rocks oh! i ate them all and oh! what a stomach ache green stolen apples now that eyes of hawks in dusky night are darkened chirping of the quails cruel autumn wind cutting to the very bones of my poor scarecrow standing still at dusk listen in far distances the song of froglings! lady butterfly perfumes her wings by floating over the orchid quite a hundred gourds sprouting from the fertile soul of a single vine there is such a thing as the pressure of darkness just before the dawn now be a good boy take good care of our house cricket my child ballet in the air twin butterflies until, twice white they meet, they mate will we meet again here at your flowering grave two white butterflies? bamboo shoots and my childhood dreams of the forest entwine at my feet the temple bell stops but the sound keeps echoing out of the flowers deepen, drop, and die many-hued chrysanthemums one black earth for all a break in the clouds the moon a bright mountaintop distant and aloof descending seaward far-off mountain waterfall winter nights are still Oranged-tinged granite lines the tea-colored river in great southern land cloudbank curling low? ah! the mountain yoshino cherry cumulus! glorious the moon therefore our thanks dark clouds come to rest our necks oh! i ate them all and oh! what a stomach ache green stolen apples boughs rub together: the legs of giant crickets calling for a mate? the snake departed but the little eyes that glared dew, shining in grass the still summer pond willow tendrils caress it like a lover's face ginger simmers with vinegar in hot steel wok dumplings rolled beside at the fall of night: a branch scratching the window: time to bar the door white horse tied to fence were the old man's directions for finding his farm awakened at night: a hound bays, the moon ignores the owl says nothing a jagged bat dance in the Atsuta twilight: spots before old eyes on this winter pond the wild ducks float quietly like dark fallen leaves but when i halted on the windy street at noon snow struck against me slanting lines of rain on the dusty samisen a mouse is trotting butterfly asleep folded soft on temple bell then the bronze gong rang! i am going out be good and play together my cricket children a lowering sky geese arrow skims the treeline far off to the west describe plum blossoms? better than my verses white wordless butterflies this cool gentle mist born of thunder and fury underneath the falls look at the candle! what a hungry wind it is hunting in the snow! in the twilight rain these brilliant-hued hibiscus a lovely sunset hanging the lantern on that full white blooming bough exquisite your care! night is bright with stars silly woman, whimpering: shall i light the lamp? words on wood tombstones now rotted, unreadable all is forgotten cat on tall bookcase do you think I don't see you or your flicking tail? a wintery day from high on my horse I see a frozen shadow in the sea surf edge mingling with bright small seashells bush clover petals ah me! i am one who spends his little breakfast morningglory gazing good evening breeze! crooked and meandering your homeward journey stick-end breaks water then suddenly vanishes a turtle sighting many solemn nights blond moon, we stand and marvel sleeping our noons away white plate and white cup tuna seared in vinegar sake pink and chilled call him back! ah no, he's blown from sight already fish-peddler in snow a gate made all of twigs, woven grass for hinges for a lock this snail open mouth reveals your whole wet interior silly hollow frog! white sails and white clouds: my far-away horizon, is their here and now wisteria blooms an arbor of hanging grapes wine for bees and wasps now be a good boy take good care of our house cricket my child a sharp shovel thrust the half-ends of worms and grubs food for the sapling the still summer pond willow tendrils caress it like a lover's face a dead leaf stirring crescendo high in the pines the storm-front arrives describe plum blossoms? better than my verses, white wordless butterflies deep in dark forest a woodcutter's axe talking and a woodcutter do your worst, old frost you can no longer wound me -last chrysanthemum defeated in fray by bigger battlers for love tom cat seeks a mouse white moth, flutter off: fly back into my breast now quickly, my own soul! sitting quietly doing nothing yet Spring comes grass grows by itself tombstones tilt forward as if through long acquaintance yearn to join the dead a camellia dropped down into still waters of a deep dark well plume of pampas grass trembling in every wind hush, my lonely heart flat-bottomed rain clouds glide over distant ridgelines like bellies of snails a rotting pumpkin collapsed and covered in flies eases back to earth giddy grasshopper take care, do not leap and crush these pearls of dewdrop chilling autumn rain the moon, too bright for showers, slips from their fingers in the world outside, is it harvest time for rice? girls with muddy feet all heaven and earth flowered white obliterate snow unceasing snow such a little child to send to be a priestling icy poverty in hills near Honshu sharply-edged temple archways cut round-bellied trees in this windy nest open your hungry mouth now in vain my stepchild this cool gentle mist born of thunder and fury underneath the falls the snake departed but the little eyes that glared dew, shining in grass cold winter shower see all the people running across the stone bridge! sitting quietly doing nothing yet Spring comes grass grows by itself a lowering sky geese arrow skims the treeline far off to the west asking for their road seven yellow bamboo hats all turned together taro leaves and twigs awaiting the slow moonrise on the black burnt field against the bright moon a broken cedar still stands like me defiant from out of nowhere wandering clouds give brief rest to moon-beholders five or six of us remain, huddled together bent old willow trees my good father raged when i snapped the peony precious memory! in the farther field scarecrow kept me company walking as i walked five or six of us remain, huddled together bent old willow trees november sunrise uncertain, the cold storks stand bare sticks in water the old fisherman unalterably intent cold evening rain asking for their road seven yellow bamboo hats all turned together Oranged-tinged granite lines the tea-colored river in great southern land no oil to read by i am off to bed  but ah! my moonlit pillow defeated in fray by bigger battlers for love tom cat seeks a mouse old weary willows i thought how long the road would be when you were gone two ancient pine trees pair of gnarled and sturdy hands with ten green fingers in these dark waters drawn up from my frozen well glittering of spring white plate with tuna seared lightly in vinegar pink sake fills cup a sudden tavern not dead yet at journey's end but empty pockets blossoming white caps has snow returned to water, flowering at sea? swallow in the dusk spare my little buzzing friends among the flowers so enviable maple-leaves most glorious contemplating death dry and light as air the pages of an old book it smells of reading a sharp shovel thrust the half-ends of worms and grubs food for the sapling the night still and clear the dock floating in blackness my feet in the moon roaring winter storm rushing to its utter end ever-sounding sea sadness at twilight villain! i have let my hand cut that peony describe plum blossoms? better than my verses white wordless butterflies ginger simmers with vinegar in hot steel wok dumplings rolled beside the night still and clear the dock floating in blackness my feet in the moon seas are wild tonight stretching over the island silent clouds of stars see the heavy leaf on the silent windless day falls of its own will two ancient pine trees pair of gnarled and sturdy hands with ten green fingers bright red pepper pod it needs but shiny wings, look: darting dragonfly! glorious the moon therefore our thanks dark clouds come to rest our necks a moon in the pond a moon in the pond-like sky and me in between nine times arising to see the moon whose solemn pace marks just midnight between our two lives there is also the life of the cherry blossom amorous cat, alas you too must yowl with your love or even worse, without! two ancient pine trees pair of gnarled and sturdy hands with ten green fingers over the mountain bright the full white moon now smiles on the flower a splash in the pond bugs once floating in the moon now supper for trout dead my old fine hopes and dry my dreaming but still iris, blue each spring hi! kids mimicking cormorants you are more like cormorants than they! taro leaves and twigs awaiting the slow moonrise on the black burnt field when the lamp goes out cool stars enter the window this hot evening oh! i ate them all and oh! what a stomach ache green stolen apples women planting rice ugly every bit about them but their ancient song a rotting pumpkin collapsed and covered in flies eases back to earth all heaven and earth flowered white obliterate snow unceasing snow for a cool evening i hired the old temple porch penny in the dish by that fallen house the pear tree stands full blooming an ancient battle site reciting scriptures strange the wondrous blue i find in morning glories quite a hundred gourds sprouting from the fertile soul of a single vine green shadow dances see our young banana tree pattering the screen slanting lines of rain on the dusty samisen a mouse is trotting for morning-glories i can foresee grave danger single-stick practice! a gate made all of twigs, woven grass for hinges for a lock this snail fie! this fickle world! three days neglected cherry- branch and you are bare in hills near Honshu sharply-edged temple archways cut round-bellied trees for the emperor himself he won't lift his hat a stiff-backed scarecrow oh do not swat them unhappy flies forever wringing their thin hands a jagged bat dance in the Atsuta twilight: spots before old eyes fie! this fickle world! three days neglected cherry- branch and you are bare considerate dogs stepping off into the snow as i walk the path carven gods long gone dead leaves alone foregather on the temple porch visiting the graves trotting on to show the way old family dog the night still and clear the dock floating in blackness my feet in the moon voices of two bells that speak from twilight temples ah! cool dialogue bamboo shoots and my childhood dreams of the forest entwine at my feet two ancient pine trees pair of gnarled and sturdy hands with ten green fingers cold winter shower see all the people running across the stone bridge! describe plum blossoms? better than my verses, white wordless butterflies there near the roadside an innkeeper bent and gray pipe smoke on the wind this cool gentle mist born of thunder and fury underneath the falls curious flower watching us pass, met its death our hungry donkey for a cool evening i hired the old temple porch penny in the dish ah! i intended never never to grow old listen: new year's bell! before boiled chestnuts cross-legged lad is squatting carved wooden buddha glorious the moon therefore our thanks dark clouds come to rest our necks a far bank of clouds that I let myself pretend are distant mountains sadly I part from you like a clam torn from its shell I go with autumn black cloud bank broken scatters in the night now see moon lighted mountains! good evening breeze! crooked and meandering your homeward journey the fragrance of plums: carrying me back to home childhood's happy time winter solitude- in a world of one colour the sound of the wind faraway cloudbanks that I let myself pretend are distant mountains beneath a tree branch in a gap just large enough the lantern moon hangs the sea darkening oh voices of the wild ducks crying, whirling, white a single cricket chirps, chirps, chirps, and is still my candle sinks and dies the red dragon flies a flowing banner across the dark crimson sky old dark sleepy pool quick unexpected frog goes plop! a watersplash! cloudbank curling low? ah! the mountain yoshino cherry cumulus! first autumn morning the mirror I stare into shows my father's face forest in winter winds howl in rage and fury with no leaves to blow old dark sleepy pool quick unexpected frog goes plop! a watersplash! take the round flat moon snap this twig for a handle what a pretty fan! my two plum trees are so gracious see, they flower one now, one later black cloud bank broken scatters in the night now see moon lighted mountains! don't weep, you insects lovers, even stars themselves, given time must part gritty windblown dust: such a strange harbinger of driving sheets of rain all heaven and earth flowered white obliterate snow unceasing snow flower in the stream thus too my life must end like another flower night is bright with stars silly woman, whimpering: shall i light the lamp? white moth, flutter off: fly back into my breast now quickly, my own soul! all heaven and earth flowered white obliterate snow unceasing snow at the fall of night: a branch scratching the window: time to bar the door see the heavy leaf on the silent windless day falls of its own will my shadowy path i've swept all day and now oh no! a camellia shower! a moon in the pond a moon in the pond-like sky and me in between why so scrawny, cat? starving for fat fish or mice or a backyard love? white moth, flutter off: fly back into my breast now quickly, my own soul! shocking the red of lacquered fingernails against white chrysanthemum sick on my journey only my dreams will wander these desolate moors i must turn over beware of local earthquakes bedfellow cricket! will we meet again here at your flowering grave two white butterflies? wake! the sky is light! let us to the road again friendly butterfly! cloudbank curling low? ah! the mountain yoshino cherry cumulus! none broke the silence nor visitor nor host nor white chrysanthemum lonely umbrella passing the house at twilight first snow  falling soft April's air stirs in willow leaves, a butterfly floats and balances playing hide and seek amongst the cherry blossoms sparrows start my day a break in the clouds the moon a bright mountaintop distant and aloof moss-covered boulder heavy roots in piles of leaves a stop in the woods samuri charges bearded face full of fury swordhand full of death in hills near Honshu sharply-edged temple archways cut round-bellied trees green shadow dances see our young banana tree pattering the screen ah me! i am one who spends his little breakfast morningglory gazing ginger simmers with vinegar in hot steel wok dumplings rolled beside a single cricket chirps, chirps, chirps, and is still my candle sinks and dies all heaven and earth flowered white obliterate snow unceasing snow black desolate moor i bow before the buddha lighted in thunder so enviable maple-leaves most glorious contemplating death clouds in the distance for a moment I believe I see blue mountains white plate with tuna seared lightly in vinegar pink sake fills cup first autumn morning the mirror I stare into shows my father's face women planting rice ugly every bit about them but their ancient song white sails and white clouds strung out on the horizon change their shapes and go shocking the red of lacquered fingernails against white chrysanthemum a lowering sky geese arrow skims the treeline far off to the west flat-bottomed rain clouds glide over distant ridgelines like bellies of snails the fragrance of plums: carrying me back to home childhood's happy time oh great blue heron, picket of the spirit world, guard my pond today angry i strode home but stooping in my garden calm old willow tree by that fallen house the pear tree stands full blooming an ancient battle site no oil to read by i am off to bed  but ah! my moonlit pillow a flooding river banks unseen, water foaming, invades a forest castle in valley like a feudal fairytale of Inuyasha dry and light as air the pages of an old book it smells of reading awakened at night: a hound bays, the moon ignores the owl says nothing oh! i ate them all and oh! what a stomach ache green stolen apples in the bright blue sky a faint moon, a spirit moon, looking out of place cold first winter rain poor monkey, you too could use a little cape April's air stirs in willow leaves, a butterfly floats and balances a lowering sky geese arrow skims the treeline far off to the west pebbles shining clear, and clear six silent fishes deep autumn water ashes my burnt hut but wonderful the cherry blooming on my hill why so scrawny, cat? starving for fat fish or mice or a backyard love? white sails and white clouds strung out on the horizon change their shapes and go a rotting pumpkin collapsed and covered in flies eases back to earth peony petal fell in silent dawn spilling a water jewel not a voice or stir darkness lies on fields and streets sad: the moon has set but when i halted on the windy street at noon snow struck against me first autumn morning the mirror I stare into shows my father's face asking for their road seven yellow bamboo hats all turned together castle in valley like a feudal fairytale of Inuyasha glorious the moon therefore our thanks dark clouds come to rest our necks moon so bright for love! come closer, quilt and enfold my passionate cold! ballet in the air twin butterflies until, twice white they meet, they mate in the city fields contemplating cherry trees strangers are like friends many solemn nights blond moon, we stand and marvel sleeping our noons away arise from sleep, cat, and with great yawns and stretchings amble out for love if you were silent flight of herons on dark sky oh! autumn snowflakes! so hot this dry month squirrels lie flat on pine limbs ignoring their fleas voices of two bells that speak from twilight temples ah! cool dialogue mirror-pond of stars suddenly a summer shower dimples the water for morning-glories i can foresee grave danger single-stick practice! just after noontime cows wade in a shadeless pond and start bellowing dancing in my silks money tossed itself away pretty, this paper dress! two ancient pine trees pair of gnarled and sturdy hands with ten green fingers mirror-pond of stars suddenly a summer shower dimples the water two ancient pine trees pair of gnarled and sturdy hands with ten green fingers i am going out be good and play together my cricket children autumn mosquitoes buzz me, bite me see, i am long prepared for death a short summer night but in this solemn darkness one peony bloomed boughs rub together: the legs of giant crickets calling for a mate? moss-covered boulder heavy roots in piles of leaves a stop in the woods dancing in my silks money tossed itself away pretty, this paper dress! see: surviving sons visit the ancestral grave bearded, with bent canes in dim dusk and scent a witness now half hidden evenfall orchid silent the old town the scent of flowers floating and evening bell stupid hot melons rolling like fat idiots out from leafy shade! a rotting pumpkin collapsed and covered in flies eases back to earth while i turned my head that traveler i'd just passed melted into mist far across low mist intermittently the lake lifts a snow-white sail carven gods long gone dead leaves alone foregather on the temple porch descending seaward far-off mountain waterfall winter nights are still swallow in the dusk spare my little buzzing friends among the flowers rash tomcat lover careless even of that rice stuck in your whiskers such a little child to send to be a priestling icy poverty a moon in the pond a moon in the pond-like sky and me in between by that fallen house the pear tree stands full blooming an ancient battle site five or six of us remain, huddled together bent old willow trees a sudden tavern not dead yet at journey's end but empty pockets gray marsh and black cloud flapping in autumn rain last old slow heron buzzing the bee trades peony for peony with the butterfly Dimming of old eyes Like a veil transcending day heralding the night fireworks ended and spectators gone away and now how vast and dark! the temple bell stops but the sound keeps echoing out of the flowers asking for their road seven yellow bamboo hats all turned together vendor of bright fans carrying his pack of breeze suffocating heat! april's air stirs in willow-leaves a butterfly floats and balances good friend grasshopper will you play the caretaker for my little grave? at furue in rain gray water and gray sand a picture without lines carven gods long gone dead leaves alone foregather on the temple porch green pine and blue sky like a match made in heaven white cloud is welcome now that eyes of hawks in dusky night are darkened chirping of the quails asking for their road seven yellow bamboo hats all turned together a far bank of clouds that I let myself pretend are distant mountains rainy month, dripping on and on as i lie abed ah, old man's memories! a far bank of clouds that I let myself pretend are distant mountains my good father raged when i snapped the peony precious memory! cloud of cherry bloom tolling twilight bell temple ueno? asakura? in the bright blue sky a faint moon, a spirit moon, looking out of place so enviable maple-leaves most glorious contemplating death the swift moon racing the branches still holding rain a chorus of frogs dew evaporates and all our world is but dew so fresh, so fleeting at the fall of night: a branch scratching the window: time to bar the door April's air stirs in willow leaves, a butterfly floats and balances first white snow of fall just enough to bend the leaves of faded daffodils such utter silence! even the crickets singing muffled by hot rocks dead my old fine hopes and dry my dreaming but still iris, blue each spring dew evaporates and all our world is but dew so fresh, so fleeting carven gods long gone dead leaves alone foregather on the temple porch just after noontime cows wade in a shadeless pond and start bellowing quite a hundred gourds sprouting from the fertile soul of a single vine moon so bright for love! hear the farmer by that light flailing at his rice! descending seaward far-off mountain waterfall winter nights are still old weary willows i thought how long the road would be when you were gone a lost child crying stumbling over the dark fields catching the fireflies autumn mosquitoes buzz me, bite me see, i am long prepared for death cruel autumn wind cutting to the very bones of my poor scarecrow now that eyes of hawks in dusky night are darkened chirping of the quails a single dewdrop shining brightly on a rock like a lost diamond this cool gentle mist born of thunder and fury underneath the falls one fallen flower returning to the branch? oh no! a white butterfly moon so bright for love! come closer, quilt and enfold my passionate cold! such utter silence! even the crickets singing muffled by hot rocks a splash in the pond bugs once floating in the moon now supper for trout on this lonely road my horse shies and throws its head white tombstone at night at furue in rain gray water and gray sand a picture without lines samuri charges bearded face full of fury swordhand full of death in the twilight rain these brilliant-hued hibiscus a lovely sunset beneath a tree branch in a gap just large enough the lantern moon hangs roaring winter storm rushing to its utter end ever-sounding sea in the world outside, is it harvest time for rice? girls with muddy feet oh do not swat them unhappy flies forever wringing their thin hands awakened at night: a hound bays, the moon ignores the owl says nothing Dimming of old eyes Like a veil transcending day heralding the night i am going out be good and play together my cricket children oh sorry tom cat bigger blacker knights of love have knocked you out! against the bright moon a broken cedar still stands like me defiant visiting the graves trotting on to show the way old family dog first autumn morning the mirror I stare into shows my father's face graven images piles of dry spiritless leaves: temple companions twilight whippoorwill whistle on sweet deepener of dark loneliness in this windy nest open your hungry mouth now in vain my stepchild seek on high bare trails sky-reflecting violets mountaintop jewels i gave the greetings of the bright new year as though i held a plum branch lend me water please? some fresh young morning glory, careless took my well wake! the sky is light! let us to the road again friendly butterfly! now the swinging bridge is quieted with creepers like our tendrilled life pretty butterflies watch out for pine needle points in this gusty wind! blossoming white caps has snow returned to water, flowering at sea? many solemn nights blond moon, we stand and marvel sleeping our noons away gritty windblown dust: such a strange harbinger of driving sheets of rain good friend grasshopper will you play the caretaker for my little grave? describe plum blossoms? better than my verses white wordless butterflies such a little child to send to be a priestling icy poverty now my loneliness following the bright fireworks look! a falling star! "yes, come in!" i cried but at the windy snow-hung gate knocking still went on the temple bell stops but the sound keeps echoing out of the flowers samuri charges bearded face full of fury swordhand full of death moon so bright for love! hear the farmer by that light flailing at his rice! the temple bell stops but the sound keeps echoing out of the flowers by the dying fire dogs twist and curl into balls content just to be carven gods long gone dead leaves alone foregather on the temple porch winter rain deepens lichened letters on the grave and my old sadness over the mountain bright the full white moon now smiles on the flower white plate with tuna seared lightly in vinegar pink sake fills cup giddy grasshopper take care, do not leap and crush these pearls of dewdrop wee bitter cricket crying all this sunny day or is he laughing? for morning-glories i can foresee grave danger single-stick practice! november sunrise uncertain, the cold storks stand bare sticks in water at our last parting bending between boat and shore that weeping willow but when i halted on the windy street at noon snow struck against me vendor of bright fans carrying his pack of breeze suffocating heat! a break in the clouds the moon a bright mountaintop distant and aloof the sea darkening oh voices of the wild ducks crying, whirling, white ashes my burnt hut but wonderful the cherry blooming on my hill the fields harvested a sake jug pay enough for a man like me yellow evening sun long shadow of the scarecrow reaches to the road angry i strode home but stooping in my garden calm old willow tree see the morning breeze ruffling his so silky hair cool caterpillar crossing it alone in cold moonlight the brittle bridge echoes my steps white sails and white clouds: my far-away horizon, is their here and now in autumn twilight a scarecrow sags on his pole the crows now at roost descending seaward far-off mountain waterfall winter nights are still green shadow dances see our young banana tree pattering the screen Dimming of old eyes Like a veil transcending day heralding the night my good father raged when i snapped the peony precious memory! black cloud bank broken scatters in the night now see moon lighted mountains! so hot this dry month squirrels lie flat on pine limbs ignoring their fleas in the bright blue sky a faint moon, a spirit moon searching for the night in mountain twilight hills become just faint gray clouds drifting off in waves graven images piles of dry spiritless leaves: temple companions far across low mist intermittently the lake lifts a snow-white sail a lowering sky geese arrow skims the treeline far off to the west angry i strode home but stooping in my garden calm old willow tree winter seclusion listening, that evening to rain on the roof white cloud of mist above white cherry blossoms dawn shining mountains April's air stirs in willow leaves, a butterfly floats and balances carven gods long gone dead leaves alone foregather on the temple porch you stupid scarecrow! under your very stick-feet birds are stealing beans! forest in winter winds howl in rage and fury with no leaves to blow rainy month, dripping on and on as i lie abed ah, old man's memories! giddy grasshopper take care, do not leap and crush these pearls of dewdrop a camellia dropped down into still waters of a deep dark well ah me! i am one who spends his little breakfast morningglory gazing shocking the red of lacquered fingernails against white chrysanthemum now my loneliness following the bright fireworks look! a falling star! see the morning breeze ruffling his so silky hair cool caterpillar angry i strode home but stooping in my garden calm old willow tree do your worst, old frost you can no longer wound me -last chrysanthemum sick on my journey only my dreams will wander these desolate moors green pine and blue sky like a match made in heaven white cloud is welcome hard the beggar's bed but sociable and busy with insect-talking flat-bottomed rain clouds glide over distant ridgelines like bellies of snails at the fall of night: a branch scratching the window: time to bar the door vendor of bright fans carrying his pack of breeze suffocating heat! far across low mist intermittently the lake lifts a snow-white sail sitting quietly doing nothing yet Spring comes grass grows by itself here in my dark hut a square of light from the moon like frost on the ground And now I see them coming through the stormy woods making good speed.  Wolves. cold first winter rain poor monkey, you too could use a little cape flower in the stream thus too my life must end like another flower yellow autumn moon unimpressed the scarecrow stands simply looking bored faraway cloudbanks that I let myself pretend are distant mountains over the mountain bright the full white moon now smiles on the flower yellow autumn moon unimpressed the scarecrow stands simply looking bored considerate dogs stepping off into the snow as i walk the path in the open shop paperweights on picture books young springtime breezes gray marsh and black cloud flapping in autumn rain last old slow heron on this lonely road my horse shies and throws its head white tombstone at night pretty butterflies watch out for pine needle points in this gusty wind! ashes my burnt hut but wonderful the cherry blooming on my hill Oranged-tinged granite lines the tea-colored river in great southern land crossing it alone in cold moonlight the brittle bridge echoes my steps a windfall apple a man with merging eyebrows never trust these two a nursemaid scarecrow frightening the wind and sun from playing baby in these dark waters drawn up from my frozen well glittering of spring rusted gate opens screeching like a thing alive voicing displeasure temple gongs echo in the hot caressing night just before the rain no oil to read by i am off to bed  but ah! my moonlit pillow awakened at night by sounds of the water jar cracking from the ice you stupid scarecrow! under your very stick-feet birds are stealing beans! a white swan swimming parting with her unmoved breast cherry-petaled pond here in my dark hut a square of light from the moon like frost on the ground fie! this fickle world! three days neglected cherry- branch and you are bare why so scrawny, cat? starving for fat fish or mice or a backyard love? oh lucky beggar! bright heaven and cool earth your summer outfit in the bright blue sky a pale moon, a spirit moon looking out of place now the swinging bridge is quieted with creepers like our tendrilled life Oranged-tinged granite lines the tea-colored river in great southern land cloud of cherry bloom tolling twilight bell temple ueno? asakura? ballet in the air twin butterflies until, twice white they meet, they mate good friend grasshopper will you play the caretaker for my little grave? yellow autumn moon unimpressed the scarecrow stands simply looking bored dewdrop, let me cleanse here in your brief sweet waters these dark hands of life the fragrance of plums: carrying me back to home childhood's happy time in the twilight rain these brilliant-hued hibiscus a lovely sunset the sea darkening oh voices of the wild ducks crying, whirling, white ashes my burnt hut but wonderful the cherry blooming on my hill so hot this dry month all the world bleached like driftwood grain in stark relief moon so bright for love! come closer, quilt and enfold my passionate cold! between our two lives there is also the life of the cherry blossom in the twilight rain these brilliant-hued hibiscus a lovely sunset the still summer pond willow tendrils caress it like a lover's face vendor of bright fans carrying his pack of breeze suffocating heat! ah me! i am one who spends his little breakfast morningglory gazing roaring winter storm rushing to its utter end ever-sounding sea dead my old fine hopes and dry my dreaming but still iris, blue each spring in the city fields contemplating cherry trees strangers are like friends Dimming of old eyes Like a veil transcending day heralding the night when the lamp goes out cool stars enter the window this hot evening long the summer day patterns on the ocean sand our idle footprints none broke the silence nor visitor nor host nor white chrysanthemum before boiled chestnuts cross-legged lad is squatting carved wooden buddha by that fallen house the pear tree stands full blooming an ancient battle site pretty butterflies watch out for pine needle points in this gusty wind! no oil to read by i am off to bed  but ah! my moonlit pillow butterfly asleep folded soft on temple bell then the bronze gong rang! gray marsh and black cloud flapping in autumn rain last old slow heron weathered skeleton in windy fields of memory piercing like a knife darting dragonfly pull off its shiny wings, look: bright red pepper pod! by the dying fire dogs twist and curl into balls content just to be a field of tall grass: all that remains of dreams of ancient warriors a jagged bat dance in the Atsuta twilight: spots before old eyes a saddening world: flowers whose sweet blooms must fall as we too, alas now be a good boy take good care of our house cricket my child see: surviving sons visit the ancestral grave bearded, with bent canes dim the grey cow comes mooing mooing and mooing from the morning mist at our last parting bending between boat and shore that weeping willow the snake departed but the little eyes that glared dew, shining in grass from dark windy hills voice driving weary horses shouting of the storm ah! i intended never never to grow old listen: new year's bell! my shadowy path i've swept all day and now oh no! a camellia shower! green curls over and white falls under boom boom boom on the sun-bright sand tombstones tilt forward as if through long acquaintance yearn to join the dead standing still at dusk listen in far distances the song of froglings! in the world outside, is it harvest time for rice? girls with muddy feet forest in winter winds howl in rage and fury with no leaves to blow there is such a thing as the pressure of darkness just before the dawn now that eyes of hawks in dusky night are darkened chirping of the quails a break in the trees an ocean of fields spreads out below the hill's crest see: surviving sons visit the ancestral grave bearded, with bent canes in the sea surf edge mingling with bright small seashells bush clover petals a white swan swimming parting with her unmoved breast cherry-petaled pond pretty butterflies watch out for pine needle points in this gusty wind! a gate made all of twigs, woven grass for hinges for a lock this snail shocking the red of lacquered fingernails against white chrysanthemum live in simple faith just as this trusting cherry flowers, fades, and falls cold first winter rain poor monkey, you too could use a little cape in the bright blue sky: a spirit moon, pale and lost, searching for the night night is bright with stars silly woman, whimpering: shall i light the lamp? my shadowy path i've swept all day and now oh no! a camellia shower! the still summer pond willow tendrils caress it like a lover's face now that eyes of hawks in dusky night are darkened chirping of the quails dew evaporates and all our world is but dew so fresh, so fleeting what a gorgeous one that fat sleek huge old chestnut i could not get at peony petal fell in silent dawn spilling a water jewel for a cool evening i hired the old temple porch penny in the dish eleven brave knights canter through the whirling snow not one bends his neck a wintery day from high on my horse I see a frozen shadow in the farther field scarecrow kept me company walking as i walked april's air stirs in willow-leaves a butterfly floats and balances can't it get away from the sticky pine branches cicada singing? lonely umbrella passing the house at twilight first snow  falling soft in silent midnight our old scarecrow topples down weird hollow echo in hills near Honshu sharply-edged temple archways cut round-bellied trees black cloud bank broken scatters in the night now see moon lighted mountains! in the twilight rain these brilliant-hued hibiscus a lovely sunset nice: wild persimmons and notice how the mother eats the bitter parts shocking the red of lacquered fingernails against white chrysanthemum look at the candle! what a hungry wind it is hunting in the snow! green curls over and white falls under boom boom boom on the sun-bright sand here in my dark hut a square of light from the moon like frost on the ground the snake departed but the little eyes that glared dew, shining in grass moon so bright for love! hear the farmer by that light flailing at his rice! unrequited love! elevate your chin and keen tom-cat, to the moon! but when i halted on the windy street at noon snow struck against me sitting quietly doing nothing yet Spring comes grass grows by itself what a gorgeous one that fat sleek huge old chestnut i could not get at in the bright blue sky a faint moon, a spirit moon searching for the night castle in valley like a feudal fairytale of Inuyasha rainy month, dripping on and on as i lie abed ah, old man's memories! an old silent pond a frog jumps into the pond splash! silence again Dimming of old eyes Like a veil transcending day heralding the night cat on tall bookcase do you think I don't see you or your flicking tail? now the swinging bridge is quieted with creepers like our tendrilled life now from cherry trees millions of maidens flying from fierce warlord storm dead my old fine hopes and dry my dreaming but still iris, blue each spring call him back! ah no, he's blown from sight already fish-peddler in snow my shadowy path i've swept all day and now oh no! a camellia shower! good friend grasshopper will you play the caretaker for my little grave? lady butterfly perfumes her wings by floating over the orchid arise from sleep, cat, and with great yawns and stretchings amble out for love the tree cut in Spring dawn breaks so much earlier at my small window ballet in the air twin butterflies until, twice white they meet, they mate in the farther field scarecrow kept me company walking as i walked two ancient pine trees pair of gnarled and sturdy hands with ten green fingers the fields harvested a sake jug pay enough for a man like me windy winter rain my silly big umbrella tries walking backward describe plum blossoms? better than my verses white wordless butterflies in the holy dusk nightingales begin their psalm good! the dinner gong! hi! kids mimicking cormorants you are more like cormorants than they! wee bitter cricket crying all this sunny day or is he laughing? sitting quietly doing nothing yet Spring comes grass grows by itself oh do not swat them unhappy flies forever wringing their thin hands april's air stirs in willow-leaves a butterfly floats and balances here, where a thousand captains swore grand conquest tall grass their monument Oranged-tinged granite lines the tea-colored river in great southern land none broke the silence nor visitor nor host nor white chrysanthemum playing hide and seek amongst the cherry blossoms sparrows start my day look at the candle! what a hungry wind it is hunting in the snow! so hot this dry month squirrels lie flat on pine limbs ignoring their fleas asking for their road seven yellow bamboo hats all turned together good evening breeze! crooked and meandering your homeward journey standing still at dusk listen in far distances the song of froglings! considerate dogs stepping off into the snow as i walk the path moon so bright for love! hear the farmer by that light flailing at his rice! five or six of us remain, huddled together bent old willow trees rash tomcat lover careless even of that rice stuck in your whiskers rusted gate opens screeching like a thing alive voicing displeasure black desolate moor i bow before the buddha lighted in thunder my shadowy path i've swept all day and now oh no! a camellia shower! white sails and white clouds: my far-away horizon, is their here and now in the twilight rain these brilliant-hued hibiscus a lovely sunset rash tomcat lover careless even of that rice stuck in your whiskers green curls over and white falls under boom boom boom on the sun-bright sand ashes my burnt hut but wonderful the cherry blooming on my hill so hot this dry month all the world bleached like driftwood grain in stark relief amorous cat, alas you too must yowl with your love or even worse, without! see: surviving sons visit the ancestral grave bearded, with bent canes old dark sleepy pool quick unexpected frog goes plop! a watersplash! for a cool evening i hired the old temple porch penny in the dish dry and light as air the pages of an old book it smells of reading a jagged bat dance in the Atsuta twilight: spots before old eyes first autumn morning the mirror I stare into shows my father's face the red dragon flies a flowing banner across the dark crimson sky black desolate moor i bow before the buddha lighted in thunder i am going out be good and play together my cricket children under cherry trees soup, the salad, fish and all seasoned with petals wisteria blooms an arbor of hanging grapes wine for bees and wasps in this windy nest open your hungry mouth now in vain my stepchild such utter silence! even the crickets singing muffled by hot rocks dead my old fine hopes and dry my dreaming but still iris, blue each spring green curls over and white falls under boom boom boom on the sun-bright sand wee bitter cricket crying all this sunny day or is he laughing? ah me! i am one who spends his little breakfast morningglory gazing dry cheerful cricket chirping, keeps the autumn gay scornful of the frost long the summer day patterns on the ocean sand our idle footprints fie! this fickle world! three days neglected cherry- branch and you are bare just after noontime cows wade in a shadeless pond and start bellowing in the holy dusk nightingales begin their psalm good! the dinner gong! dancing in my silks money tossed itself away pretty, this paper dress! snow-swallowed valley: only the winding river black fluent brush stroke Dimming of old eyes Like a veil transcending day heralding the night white sails and white clouds strung out on the horizon change their shapes and go visiting the graves trotting on to show the way old family dog the temple bell stops but the sound keeps echoing out of the flowers butterfly asleep folded soft on temple bell then the bronze gong rang! awakened at night by sounds of the water jar cracking from the ice night is bright with stars silly woman, whimpering: shall i light the lamp? two ancient pine trees pair of gnarled and sturdy hands with ten green fingers dewdrop, let me cleanse here in your brief sweet waters these dark hands of life so enviable maple-leaves most glorious contemplating death oh do not swat them unhappy flies forever wringing their thin hands blossoming white caps has snow returned to water, flowering at sea? will we meet again here at your flowering grave two white butterflies? between our two lives there is also the life of the cherry blossom in the bright blue sky: a spirit moon, pale and lost, searching for the night so hot this dry month all the world bleached like driftwood grain in stark relief chilling autumn rain the moon, too bright for showers, slips from their fingers i gave the greetings of the bright new year as though i held a plum branch moon so bright for love! hear the farmer by that light flailing at his rice! on this lonely road my horse shies and throws its head white tombstone at night see the heavy leaf on the silent windless day falls of its own will from out of nowhere wandering clouds give brief rest to moon-beholders black desolate moor i bow before the buddha lighted in thunder Oranged-tinged granite lines the tea-colored river in great southern land samuri charges bearded face full of fury swordhand full of death a lowering sky geese arrow skims the treeline far off to the west a wintery day from high on my horse I see a frozen shadow a single cricket chirps, chirps, chirps, and is still my candle sinks and dies bright red pepper pod it needs but shiny wings, look: darting dragonfly! a break in the trees an ocean of fields spreads out below the hill's crest in autumn twilight a scarecrow sags on his pole the crows now at roost roaring winter storm rushing to its utter end ever-sounding sea can't it get away from the sticky pine branches cicada singing? curious flower watching us pass, met its death our hungry donkey oh sorry tom cat bigger blacker knights of love have knocked you out! words on wood tombstones now rotted, unreadable all is forgotten if strangers threaten turn into fat green bullfrogs pond-cooling melons a moon in the pond a moon in the pond-like sky and me in between for a lovely bowl let us arrange these flowers since there is no rice a sunny hillside and look! blueberry bushes! even the dog eats them dim the grey cow comes mooing mooing and mooing from the morning mist Oranged-tinged granite lines the tea-colored river in great southern land here, where a thousand captains swore grand conquest tall grass their monument defeated in fray by bigger battlers for love tom cat seeks a mouse seek on high bare trails sky-reflecting violets mountaintop jewels call him back! ah no, he's blown from sight already fish-peddler in snow gray marsh and black cloud flapping in autumn rain last old slow heron deep in dark forest a woodcutter's axe talking and a woodcutter mountain rose petals falling, falling, falling now waterfall music good evening breeze! crooked and meandering your homeward journey samuri charges bearded face full of fury swordhand full of death deep in dark forest a woodcutter's axe talking and a woodcutter oh great blue heron, picket of the spirit world, guard my pond today hard the beggar's bed but sociable and busy with insect-talking the swift moon racing the branches still holding rain a chorus of frogs white horse tied to fence were the old man's directions for finding his farm bright red pepper pod it needs but shiny wings, look: darting dragonfly! there is such a thing as the pressure of darkness just before the dawn the snake departed but the little eyes that glared dew, shining in grass not a voice or stir darkness lies on fields and streets sad: the moon has set see the morning breeze ruffling his so silky hair cool caterpillar like a thing alive rusted gate screeches open even things feel pain for a lovely bowl let us arrange these flowers since there is no rice black desolate moor i bow before the buddha lighted in thunder so hot this dry month all the world bleached like driftwood grain in stark relief far across low mist intermittently the lake lifts a snow-white sail the fields harvested a sake jug pay enough for a man like me green pine and blue sky like a match made in heaven white cloud is welcome a saddening world: flowers whose sweet blooms must fall as we too, alas do your worst, old frost you can no longer wound me -last chrysanthemum the snake departed but the little eyes that glared dew, shining in grass a wintery day from high on my horse I see a frozen shadow unrequited love! elevate your chin and keen tom-cat, to the moon! standing still at dusk listen in far distances the song of froglings! moon so bright for love! come closer, quilt and enfold my passionate cold! roaring winter storm rushing to its utter end ever-sounding sea defeated in fray by bigger battlers for love tom cat seeks a mouse dead my old fine hopes and dry my dreaming but still iris, blue each spring white chrysanthemum before that perfect flower scissors hesitate no oil to read by i am off to bed  but ah! my moonlit pillow rainy month, dripping on and on as i lie abed ah, old man's memories! black cloud bank broken scatters in the night now see moon lighted mountains! a nursemaid scarecrow frightening the wind and sun from playing baby dew evaporates and all our world is but dew so fresh, so fleeting gritty windblown dust: such a strange harbinger of driving sheets of rain standing still at dusk listen in far distances the song of froglings! shocking the red of lacquered fingernails against white chrysanthemum chilling autumn rain the moon, too bright for showers, slips from their fingers why so scrawny, cat? starving for fat fish or mice or a backyard love? moon so bright for love! come closer, quilt and enfold my passionate cold! bright red pepper pod it needs but shiny wings, look: darting dragonfly! seas are wild tonight stretching over the island silent clouds of stars the fields harvested a sake jug pay enough for a man like me dew evaporates and all our world is but dew so fresh, so fleeting a break in the clouds the moon a bright mountaintop distant and aloof going snow-viewing one by one the walkers vanish whitely falling veils crossing it alone in cold moonlight the brittle bridge echoes my steps a gate made all of twigs, woven grass for hinges for a lock this snail a short summer night but in this solemn darkness one peony bloomed now from cherry trees millions of maidens flying from fierce warlord storm a far bank of clouds that I let myself pretend are distant mountains an old silent pond a frog jumps into the pond splash! silence again a ruined treehouse memories of days long past the world bathed in sun tombstones tilt forward as if through long acquaintance yearn to join the dead i gave the greetings of the bright new year as though i held a plum branch Dimming of old eyes Like a veil transcending day heralding the night you stupid scarecrow! under your very stick-feet birds are stealing beans! now the swinging bridge is quieted with creepers like our tendrilled life in the city fields contemplating cherry trees strangers are like friends cruel autumn wind cutting to the very bones of my poor scarecrow the sea darkening oh voices of the wild ducks crying, whirling, white when the lamp goes out cool stars enter the window this hot evening no oil to read by i am off to bed  but ah! my moonlit pillow tombstones tilt forward as if through long acquaintance yearn to join the dead white sails and white clouds strung out on the horizon change their shapes and go a single dewdrop shining brightly on a rock like a lost diamond take the round flat moon snap this twig for a handle what a pretty fan! a single dewdrop shining brightly on a rock like a lost diamond bamboo shoots and my childhood dreams of the forest entwine at my feet now in late autumn look, on my old rubbish heap blue morning glory a saddening world: flowers whose sweet blooms must fall as we too, alas look at the candle! what a hungry wind it is hunting in the snow! amorous cat, alas you too must yowl with your love or even worse, without! cloudbank curling low? ah! the mountain yoshino cherry cumulus! for a cool evening i hired the old temple porch penny in the dish in the twilight rain these brilliant-hued hibiscus a lovely sunset buddha on the hill from your holy nose indeed hangs an icicle oh! i ate them all and oh! what a stomach ache green stolen apples glorious the moon therefore our thanks dark clouds come to rest our necks shocking the red of lacquered fingernails against white chrysanthemum old weary willows i thought how long the road would be when you were gone buzzing the bee trades peony for peony with the butterfly call him back! ah no, he's blown from sight already fish-peddler in snow this snowy morning that black crow i hate so much but he's beautiful! oh former renter i know it all, all down to the deep cold you felt dirty bathwater where can i pour you?  insects singing in the grass between our two lives there is also the life of the cherry blossom women planting rice ugly every bit about them but their ancient song first autumn morning the mirror I stare into shows my father's face taro leaves and twigs awaiting the slow moonrise on the black burnt field on this lonely road my horse shies and throws its head white tombstone at night Dimming of old eyes Like a veil transcending day heralding the night at our last parting bending between boat and shore that weeping willow live in simple faith just as this trusting cherry flowers, fades, and falls Oranged-tinged granite lines the tea-colored river in great southern land ballet in the air twin butterflies until, twice white they meet, they mate the fragrance of plums: carrying me back to home childhood's happy time in the holy dusk nightingales begin their psalm good! the dinner gong! white sails and white clouds strung out on the horizon change their shapes and go no oil to read by i am off to bed  but ah! my moonlit pillow the night still and clear the dock floating in blackness my feet in the moon peony petal fell in silent dawn spilling a water jewel playing hide and seek amongst the cherry blossoms sparrows start my day all heaven and earth flowered white obliterate snow unceasing snow in the city fields contemplating cherry trees strangers are like friends why so scrawny, cat? starving for fat fish or mice or a backyard love? a windfall apple a man with merging eyebrows never trust these two i am going out be good and play together my cricket children April's air stirs in willow leaves, a butterfly floats and balances there is such a thing as the pressure of darkness just before the dawn here in my dark hut a square of light from the moon like frost on the ground pebbles shining clear, and clear six silent fishes deep autumn water moon so bright for love! come closer, quilt and enfold my passionate cold! all heaven and earth flowered white obliterate snow unceasing snow words on stone tombstone now weathered shallow trenches like worm tracks on sand just after noontime cows wade in a shadeless pond and start bellowing like a thing alive rusted gate screeches open even things feel pain going snow-viewing one by one the walkers vanish whitely falling veils there is such a thing as the pressure of darkness just before the dawn butterfly asleep folded soft on temple bell then the bronze gong rang! on this lonely road my horse shies and throws its head white tombstone at night seek on high bare trails sky-reflecting violets mountaintop jewels a lowering sky geese arrow skims the treeline far off to the west stick-end breaks water then suddenly vanishes a turtle sighting there near the roadside an innkeeper bent and gray pipe smoke on the wind slanting lines of rain on the dusty samisen a mouse is trotting now be a good boy take good care of our house cricket my child the temple bell stops but the sound keeps echoing out of the flowers for a cool evening i hired the old temple porch penny in the dish boughs rub together: the legs of giant crickets calling for a mate? giddy grasshopper take care, do not leap and crush these pearls of dewdrop yellow autumn moon unimpressed the scarecrow stands simply looking bored white chrysanthemum before that perfect flower scissors hesitate awakened at night: a hound bays, the moon ignores the owl says nothing dew evaporates and all our world is but dew so fresh, so fleeting taro leaves and twigs awaiting the slow moonrise on the black burnt field defeated in fray by bigger battlers for love tom cat seeks a mouse rusted gate opens screeching like a thing alive voicing displeasure
Delicate savage You'll never hold the cinder But still you will burn A splash and a cry Words pulled from the riverside Dryed in the hot sun Steamy, mist rising Rocks receiving downward crash As the jungle weeps You were broken glass But I touched you even though I knew it would hurt Eyes dance with firelight The Moon and I are lovers The spiteful sun dies I woke up today I wanted to write a song I wrote a haiku Know when to quit, friend No time to waste in this space Live well to the end Gazing upon plains A loving wind warms my nose The sun behind me The lion limped out And flipped his tail at March when Fleecy frolicked in Your words are wounding Your tongue, a bloody scalpel Your aim, perfection Empty bleeding womb Stark white faces, sad eyes say Sorry for your loss It ebbs and flows now My will a rock in the swell I sink beneath it Finally they're gone My chaotic family Now peace and silence Tragication, it seemed Erawakening it was, though Happiness will come Always doomscrolling Very stressful times indeed Need someone to lead? Care must be taken Risk always necessary Treasuring the needle I just need some time For rest and healing and change I'll get better soon Trump is really bad He will end America World War Three is real She was so broken He pieced her back together And broke her himself My first day of cake What a fabulous feeling Another blue cheese Real roses have thorns They teach appreciation Without holding on All the bees and trees Won't even briefly lament? Human extinction I can float away In the deep dark, abyss Welcomed by the stars My mind betrays me Each night by dreaming of him Nowhere left to run Washing the dishes Thinking about a haiku Words flow like water Waves roll west to east Observed by October trees Reechoes of a crow Dark room and moonlight Fingers reek of nicotine Another cold night Take a look through me I'm essentially empty Man, the breathing husk She lifts her ass high Where she looks, her gaze demands Sprink me harder, please Clatcher of bottles And the dense breath of a man She prays for daylight Smoke drifts, doubt aside Opportunity in hand Another face plant Small steps to healing Years of damage to repair I am in no rush I lay here in bed My thoughts full of fear and dread I wish I were dead Light or dark inside Songbirds sing in the sunshine Owens glide true at night It strange how you can Surround yourself with people Yet still feel alone In one swift movement A heron swallows a fish And then flies away White sands on the beach And pink petals off a branch Drifting in the wind [Sacraments]Your gift Opened, they have all I need Your love so perfect My cheeks are sandy Square pants star lives under rock Alaskan bull worm I wish to send you A video of a crow Sucks for you, I'm blocked No one dies today Not inside my influence And not on my watch The calm river flows Branchs lurch in the waters [Rivers] Tell the tale Live your fantasies Your dreams can be memories Just stay out of jail What we leave behind? Is how we are remembered? Plastic is garbage You were turned over Rainbow, sheened world's floating free Your bnbbles poured out I met a poacher Asked him why he liked to kill Just kidding, shot him Hopelessly, naive Pining'til the crack of dawn My bell never rings Progress is all gone I gave into my vices Time to start over My grief counselor Was excellent and just died I don't feel a thing Constant time For how slow everyday feels This year ended quick In love with Bundy Death just around the corner [Laugh] In the sea Why is it so hard? Just to get a job right now Paying living wage Foot in a puddle A forgotten parking lot Good place to daydream Bifurcated hams Just jack off my fag penis Unresolve the straight one Normally I'd sleep But sleeping won't save me now Not from this heartbreak I just kissed a grill Had to prove that I'm not gay Shit, I'm gunna puke Listen, she's breathless Look into her bloodshot eyes Should I let go yet? The river bed was Throwing off the cover and? Breaked the winter quilt Seething emotions Churning thoughts, feelings askew All I blurt is hi Will we reconnect? Positive thoughts ensure it We will reconnect I searched north to south Despondency was my spoils Rescued by your smile A peaceful sunrise Discovers the idle streets The drunkard blinded A secluded place 'Always away from all else I long to live in The empty ink pen So lonely on my dresser Begs me to use it Rob really did it A new city, a new job Two holes in the ground It has betrayed me Heart pumping eyes wide awake Sleep, I summon thee Hidden strength built up From years of struggle and pain You are now mighty Get rid of your junk And you will finally have Room for your treasure This shit just got real A big promotion ahead It's mine if I want I look for shelter And find a new hiding place Under the pines Two unsteady feet Steel themselves for another Failed attempt to fly One on one time, wow? Each moment so close, perfect Once again, Lord, thanks Mercury poisoned The kid went to therapy And misdiagnosed Frost on the river All boats have been pulled in tight Chicks are home to roost A battered housewife Hidden out in her kitchen Prepares tempura Loolly braided stems A dainty crown for a queen Small yellow stained hands When you told me that You had three fewer children Who was sacrificed? I run far away Nothing but the essentials Keeping my friends safe People's dilemma In the last breath of freedom Thunderous applause An ancient city Silent sands consume his name Ozymandias Sometimes it's just there Like a lead weight on your chest Compounding your soul Whet in the garden Gentle squeeze of the trigger Death of the Haiku No real purpose here Where is my life going now? Fuck, I want to die Shade of a tall tree Becoming a welcoming breeze Breath, tranquility Clear was your anger Strange how I prayed for you Find the love you seek I cannot think straight I feel alone completely Irreparable I love you so much You are the best on the earth Daddy, I love you She's a burrito Always getting stuffed so full Get it, she cucks me Howling wind rattles? The broken summer awning That broke from the wind I dreamt I was dead A dark curtain between sides I was asleep, right? Three in the morning Times ticking by as I scroll I'm craving for sleep Fallas hangin'out Be my homosexual Just don't tell my wife Googling symptoms Turns computer off, pours wine No cure for the blues She's an outdoor cat Reminiscing her fifth life Illuminating moon Defenses are high Positions deeply entrenched Fighting with my boss She makes that cough like Pirates on the horizon Already too late Window cracked open Hoping for fresh morning air Smells like skunk butt now Dead men sing no songs But smart conspirators know Silence is a note A son of lightning Roots run deep beneath my feet Peapers, bleached, clear white Life is still quite sweet Even in times of sadness Let me breathe again Is it possible? To distill out the spaces And leave just the time Bounds in the wall now Where pretty things used to be? You are still with me Just as gray clouds burst And light rains whisper downward I yawn contently The weekend was packed Now back to work tomorrow My life has not slowed In the neighborhood Signs divide the red and blue Will this ever end? Fighting a typhoon Relieved, I press on, but I can't stand the rain This haiku was born While Huckleberry gummies Swam in my belly Have not been outside Since early February Summer days, please stay A flower blossoms Uncurls its naked petals Pours in the sun, crunch I should have proposed You look stunning in your gown Always be happy This still feels like home I have been gone for nine years Time to leave again Knock, knock on the door Little monsters with blue claws Digging for candy? Morose until I Make my soul sing a song back Will you forget me? Scurry lurking bird This sugar is not your life Do not be tempted Wrong, faded and stained The rag dries the artist's brush It lives its purpose Full journal pages Returned to cover yesterday Where do the days go? A single note plays The tune linked with piano Push the middle C I believe in me Yet I stand in my own way I will carry on A landscape pastiche Smears of blue, green and yellow Monet dreamed for me Coins shook from her hair In a midas touch with the Leaves changing to gold Fatherhood issues Peed out diaper late at night Have another drink Social networking A soapbox for everyone Can we survive it? My head is burnt out With all this context switching Try again later Never connected Nothing makes one feel alone Like that admission Winter's breath so cold Numbing fingers inside gloves And ears under hats Am I getting one? Asked a man in Antucket Or just giving one Holding on too long Is just fear of letting go? I can't release you The writing removed No body bags to be seen Death of the Haiku Feating my demons Spiritual redemption Freedom to be me Be kind to yourself Not just in the present, but Past and future too My glass is empty The bathroom tap will not do Kitchen tastes better The shine of the moon And the glimmer of the stars Damn mortality Haiku is an art Painting, landscape, dreams of gold For minds to behold [Message read loud] Clear Words embrace repulse hard work In these jobless times This was a pit stop A temporary refuge You were good to me Oprahilous July Smothering, sweaty sleepers Distinct thunder mocks If this peace is real Let me collect my thoughts quick Then all life is fake I love you, she says Resting her hand on his heart Afraid he'll wake up Here I lie awake Wanting to sleep and thinking? Of sleep, sweet, sweet sleep Gentle rain falling The roof sings it's soothing song Sleep comes easily I was plummeting With no parachute, no end But you gave me one I feel so carefree Though I am riddled with doubt A puzzle unsolved Please pick up the poop Made a good impression then Flung it off the trail Isolated cold There is nothing here but cold Encapsulated I just bought a duck Not kidding his name's Richard He is fucking cute If you don't know what? To do with yourself, then do Something for a friend Standing on the wall Watching the frost, ice and snow Winter is coming Time heals, is that true? Gears motionless as I watch The seconds rewind Sometimes we fall down Sometimes we pick others up Sometimes we move on Summer betrayal The cold shoulder of autumn With jackets for June Blue jeans, sunlight, air Warm today and I miss you We'll breathe moonlight soon The olive branch wakes No good deed goes unpunished Frost covers its buds Wishing life away Now, near the end of my life Let me start again Successful con man Still playing by their rules, bro Smiles, then drive away Autumn winds arrive Parading through the tree tops Leaf by leaf applause Staring, he stares back Wonders how he became me Then brushes his teeth I miss your presence All these memories you left Fill me with longing Falling apart now Holding myself together Faster said than done Fish and honeybees See how they are related Butterfly effect Whilst in stasis Sustained animation Ready to resume Welcome to the void Drift into black nothingness Time and space dissolved Frost on the blood moon Hidden beauty in the sky Her cheek against mine Ironically so It is solely beside death Can there exist life? If you introspect You may recall your actions Refuse assumptions The people I knew Whatever happened to them? Do they think of me? Home, a quiet house Jigsaw pieces fit nicely Sipping my earl, Gray Past the coral reefs Dishected on the ocean floor An octopus waits Seeing in what? Birds, empty hands, sisyphus My toes in the grass Hanging on to stars Even tho their light has died A canyon of screams Hey, up high, he says Slap now, go down low this time Too slow, betrayal Seems, sounds, smells, routines Comfort, but I choose to leave May I do your will? I found my purpose Inside the written words of My innermost self Fears of your future Becoming the ghosts of your past Friendly little ghosts You can't ask for life Existance forced upon you It's not free or fair When shall spring arrive? Winter stays unwelcomed here Smothering all warmth Watching the leaves fall Waiting for the first snowfall Wishing for summer The falling rain stops In its passing memory Reflection of sky The water submits Victory without defeat Beautiful laughter Three in the morning I'm up reading strange comments Reddit, Lullaby Keep your trash and change In the same pocket for they Are one and the same Down these wooden steps Leaves crunch under dusty boots SLOW this hiking trail The wind writes poems Scrawls curving brushstrokes of snow And reads them aloud She paints my skies blue She is my sun and my moon She's my everything Warm star wakes early Gentle breeze tickles the grass Birds, chirp, reverie Fear can cripple you Prevent you from advancing Proceed anyway My love for you is Like the waves in the ocean Deeply eternal Each night he enters Each night he plays the same song Each night, a nightmare Creating something? Not sure what yet, still so new But I will create That last episode Gave me more faith in mankind Great writing, Westworld Be free and let go To realize you are human You will make mistakes Scurrying nurses Evacuate larvae when He stepped on their roof We must embrace change Because it is the only Certain we have Across an ocean Where the clouds meets the water? The horizon waits Uniquely special Totally one of a kind Individual What is there to do? Other than sit around and Eat food, eat food, eat He looks familiar A slow smile spreads on my lips My lover is back Wise men pick battles The winds pick seeds and cotton Laying on the ground Leaves that were once green Slowly fade into orange Cold wind, chill the air We found each other In a rapid eye movement Reality gone Today I'm with you Tomorrow I am not sure No regrets that's life For a moment there I believed this was true love Oh, you thought the same Solifuges shrink In lizards in ancient Smashed black zeroes Want to make mistakes? And burn down the orphanage And wake up, sorry I want to believe In thelma to my louise Or Laverne Shirley? A gentleman swung His steel arm in courtesy To his pivot bridge That worried old man Waits by his empty mailbox For something for snow Testing spoiler text This may be deleted soon wasting precious time What is a raindrop? But a single metaphor For my fall to earth And in the mourning I hear the echos of quacks You have left for me Hell, yeah, I work out I run from all my problems Why am I not thin? I caught a case of Chronic puppy love syndrome Is it contagious? Moonlight on green grass Suggests a new beginning If I just believe We played backgammon I love you, say I love you Two chairs closing in Skyes flash with anger (Specters) Freeze the air and rain Let's cuddle for warmth Haikus 'cos I can Is that lazy poetry? I think it might be So bubbles is gone On a journey, I suppose To God or to live A fly sits near by Moving in repeat circles A DMV queue Pale face, heavy breath Glistening skin, hot to touch Tremble, shake gyrate Moon shines on thick frost The winter world still slumbers My lonely arms ache Alcoholism The disease runs through my veins One year sober, wow? You entered this world Howling, naked and afraid So quit complaining What has been will be Nothing new's under the sun Submit to one love Each moment passing Leaves me with a few less things To fill all these holes Standing on the grass I'm telling you who I am You don't accept me Wow, how high this wall? Quickly you brought it down, Lord Thank you for your grace The Mandelbrot set And fractal geometry Ad infinitum The morning's cold rain A wooden door half open Carrying ill news Quickly, the child ran Towards his worried mother A feeling of home Where do I belong? Up past midnight singing songs Ugh, there must be more Who spell checked this word? A e I o and u too That seems facetious Listen to the wind Sacrifice rustles through the breeze You feel it some nights Snow drifting softly Flowers sway in the cold breeze Warm tears, freeze over These cigarette burns They do not hurt as much as You betraying me? You used to breathe life Deep into my brittle bones Now you suck them dry Your face grows darker The world is disappearing Only touch remains Metamorphical Oedipus's patricide Blinded his compass I hope age will tell What want and need truly mean? And how they differ? Disconnecting veins My only escape from here Am I worth mending? Reddit is my friend Reddit is my only friend I swear it's not sad That lecture bored me Classist uptight obvious As stiff as Ayn Rand Preparing for weeks Readied with grace, I go forth Love service for you This tree blooms alone Displaying colour proudly Was never easy I used to diet But I found that love is blind Bring on the pizza Intruder Alert A red spy is in the base Protect the briefcase O the pelican O how smoothly doth he crest? A nimble wind, god Radiant sunshine Banishing the darkness now A constant battle Pain threatens to drown Eternal and unending There is no escape Alone in the rain You left as quick as it fell Learning to move on First, there was a bang And then lots of other stuff And now you see this Spring arrives again Leaving winter all alone No one likes the cold Soaring through the sky Should make me feel like a bird But I'm flying coach Make way for big Mike Revolting transsexual Michelle Obama ancestry results Got some white blood in my veins Expected but still Regatta Bark Club Unfurling the fur with A [Tacking of their tails] Coughed by the logs Holiday food leftovers Thank God for sweatpants The sounding silence Reechoes loudly inside me Can anyone hear? I was at my EBB When we met, it was good but You were at your peak Your highness awaits Fill the nose with white powder I hope I don't sneeze She sees me crying Then she gently rubs my head Tension melts away Why am I so scared? Lots of monsters are about Happy Halloween The yellow sun sets Below the thin horizon The day has gone by Remembered my lunch I don't want it anymore These first world problems Wet heavy storm clouds Gather over a corn field Fists pound on a door Lied on my feelings They ran deeper than I knew I'd still lie if asked I just want one thing But why do you give me that? Dark and bad stories The ink is searing The spirit is bruised and weak The flesh is now meat She adjusts her breast Wil, you are one of the girls Radiation burns Grand of sand, whispered Traveling into the wind? Nobody listens Grapevine's turn to wine Immaturity ferments Consuming the years? You were never real It was too good to be true Just an illusion My aunt is lonely She phones me and I answer We talk for hours Saturday reading Escape to another world There magic is real You left me before You come back to me again I need it to end Side by side we served Joy filled voices, smiles, hugs, hopes A treasure for us What are we doing? Drinks, laughs, sex together, not I just want to know Sorry, you are stuck In all my best memories Sorry for myself Here I shall remain In darkness, all on my own Searching for myself Life is connected Chase the thread from beginning To beautiful end Summer rain caught us Running to hide, but laughing 'Cause we are in love Back and forth, I run Unable to see the truth Searching in the dark Hope is tomorrow Telling you, it will be fine When today is not I am a soil child Dumped with sun, rays and green stripes Still, I long for joy The hammer breaks bone The blade tears flesh and drinks blood The screen consumes souls Explosive temper So often stereotyped The Americans Smudge of waxen light Wavers behind endless clouds Her wet cough returns Those who do not move Do not notice, their chains said Rosa Luxembourg Remedit with pain Time and rest are needed now Suffice for a time I have seen the top Of the mountain of despair I am scared of heights My chest feels heavy A hippo is sitting down Thanks, anxiety Electricity The thought of your lips near mine? Action Mentally unwell Nothing's optimistic now Circulating the drain Her ghost consumes me [Laughing] Memories on Mute April's reminder Sun streams through glass panes Gold warmth settles on my face Gentle morning, smile Twisting burning fate You will suffer your own sins I now chastise you What is it lacking? I can't tell what has gone wrong Has left me puzzle Longing in the heart To fulfil shared desires And make dreams come true This is my last walk There is no time to explain Why the leaves turned brown? No one understands The strategy of the owl Until nighttime falls Smoking cigarettes? Addictioning and destructive Just like I loved you So much violence How could anyone stop it? With more violence Equinox, marbles Rolling on the sidewalk and Splashing from the oak A black walnut falls Cracked hull from the impact thud Autumn afternoon A walk in the park Only squirrels, Crows and I Under Grey Cloudlight I want what you have That is until I have it Give it back right now A pointless first line Waste of words in the second Similar finish Two kids walking by The smell of marijuana Makes me miss my youth My heart hurts again With Alani's on repeat Best Breakup, Goddess Seeing God in you? Hidden yet shining brightly For all seeking love The sky so vivid It reminded me of you It too has faded Simmering silver Transformed by the falling sun Oak leaves turn to gold Lay down now, heaven Tiny fractures, drunken thoughts Three more shots aching She hands him her heart He considers it and then Feeds it to the dog I feel like a fraud But kind comments clear the fog Imposter Syndrome In grease coveralls Obvious to his looks While her engine purred Dewdrops on black grass My thumb collects the river Wipe her tear away Four hours gone by [Laughter] In the waiting room Twice now, an uncle My better judgement Says this is a mistake, but I welcome you back Fraternal pink blossoms Whisper about the mountain winds Casting spells of spring Caterpillar friend Hide away in your cocoon You'll be beautiful Warm skin and soft hearts A half smoked spliff and cheap beer Lazily in love Sometimes I think that I've worn out a welcome, I Never truly had Expression unseen No response is forthcoming Yet I am relieved You'd think I would learn You wait for things to cool down? Before you touch them That feeling when you Fall in love with your bestfriend That shit hurts the heart Pride distracts misleads Humbly, I pray for God's grace Slowly, I am changed A dead man walking The Earth breathes and yearns for him Light escapes the void In a hot work day It starts raining out of blue We smile getting wet A calming haze blooms Gentle sky clears for sunshine Spring blossoms sweetly Like the wind you run Wild, free and fearless, you move I shall be your guard Once upon a time Us together, safe and sound In a distant past Had too much caffeine Bouncing around til I crash Tired, but happy I don't feel a thing When I most need to be loved I'm always alone Looks behind her How did I get so lucky? I hope he keeps up Sticked in this wet grass I seem to have found myself In a quagmire I'll take care of you When you eat, I'll go hungry Who takes care of me? The clouds will not move Until you stop watching them What's your problem, man? Flame spreads throughout home The screams permeate the night I proceed to weep Grieve is an old barn Cold, musty air and shadows Of abandoned tools Dislocated jaw Should not have blown that centaur I'd do it again Remember those days? Thought they would never end, right? Yes, but JoyNew Days Cascades of her hair [Laughter] In the house we share My favorite sound What matters to me? No dollar sign can measure Passion over pay All the signs say, stop Why does my heart keep going? We know how this ends When you know yourself The world is for your taking Live your potential You never loved me Did you love stealing my heart? Leaving it broken Your holy spirit Always filling me with grace How awesome my Lord? Hear bats in the trees I think of hungry vampires Day is dark as night Reserved for Speaker A Robin's oratory Gave a trilling speech Hawking said black holes Splash radiation, but how? Probably magnets My heart is heavy So much suffering these days When will the pain end? I'm breaking apart Putting myself together Will take a long time Four beige walls surround Coughing, chatter, long white noise No more sense of time In limpid silver She shines bright amongst the stars Down here, a dog barks I know that it's hard I'm the invisible friend Always here for you Posting to Reddit Read the community's rules Reposit unsubscribe An October storm Moved through early this morning His little teeth grind Memories of spring A second wind's cold frostbite The fear of winter Spirits in the dark Stars reflect in the night sky Eyes gaze upon us Riding the trolley The overwhelming scent of Urine offends me Toss me the details Like it or lump it nuance I can read your mind Love created me Love sustains and defines me Love, you are my god Wiki sleep from my eyes Stretch my bones and crack my back Time to brew some tea Your love for me now Thanks, teach me to accept it And freely share it Up in the attic A window has been opened To let in the breeze Will I win or lose? Anxiety tries, it's best In the end, I choose On the night we kissed I saw a flickering love Through a street lamp light Saturday, today I have not got much to say This is bad haiku Fucking and happy You bring more joy than others My beloved hamster You are a portrait A still life in waning light I gaze longingly When you and yours sleep I break in armed with Tuna And leave with your cat I'll forget you now Then your name pops up again Tomorrow it is Cold wind blows outside I need shelter from its bite Time to pitch my tent We were both broken I saved you and you saved me I feel whole with you Supple versus porridge What makes them so different? Is it the thiccness? Sitting in silence Rain beating on my window Singing sweet greetings Sseeds need help to grow Feer can be driven away All it takes is time Anigon Hotdog Anguish burger as well Beyond just pizza Pledge yourselves to peace For it is in that great peace That we may find joy Footes are sore from work A simple thought brings relief Friday, finally Very poor eyesight I cannot see anything Without my glasses To you, my flamed light Whose bright, which formed in darkness To you have you gone? The blood brown moon throbs Picking the birds from me like A long, brutal wheel Walking with a friend Trail, threading, copse and playground Words threading green fields So much empathy Love me until I want you Is that how it is? Hard to stay focused Endless worthless diversion Silent moments, please Boop goes my finger In his nap, he moves around Disturbanted, sleepy cat Smell on a pillow An unexpected pleasure Bringing tears of joy When did my life change? It was the day I met you When you taught me love I won't hide from blame I've made my bed now I'll sleep And stay positive Colourful contrast Lavender among the trees Starts singing in spring Tinkling, sitar And smoke dancing with the leaf In consolation The tools of distrust People fight one another Remote controller If I could go back I would never message you I promise you that So what's for dinner? Salmon, vegetables and rice With avocado Haiku's written here That contain a lot of thought Merge more upvotes Escape, we must try High above the clouds to fly 'Other imprisoned sleep' Eyes towards the sky Never wavering again In my search of soul So this is it now? In between the sky and dirt Is where life flies by? Deep, meaningful eyes Bring upon new galaxies Onward, I dare stare Rusted prison bars Many wins and more losses Covered in deep scars Dingy balcony Moistyes on sweaty skin But ice coffee too Sleeped in late for once Wake up now it's Father's Day Get to the grill, Dad Sleeping in today? Do not disturb my comfort Sleeping through sunshine Do not wear Jean shorts Jean shorts are very awful Just wear shorts instead Sometimes I see you Late you're sitting on my bed You smile, you're not there Where should I begin? When the goal is to describe What words could never? Diamond in the rough But he threw it all away Stupid, stupid man I saw lone grey skies Raining on my Christmas plans But fate chose sunshine Unbeknownst to me And you too evidently We'd always been lost If love is a drug Then maybe I'm addicted Why such short supply? Grey skies and blue rain [ Pitter] Pattering on roof Skyes clear to sun beams Lost in a cavern Eerie darkness surrounds you But a light shines through I want to answer But my lips are too busy Wanting to kiss you? That tick on my chair impacted all of my day Cuz now, my legs itch A fine collection A vice not unlike whiskey Somber memories I miss the desert The long hikes and dry weather Day dreams of days passed Beyond the silk robe A curvy wonderland waits Chromo tab buffering Words, music, bathe me A time of renewal, joy Energized today For Christmas morning It would be cool if I got A sub machine gun Try tinder, she said Lots of guys on there, funny All of them called Dick The candle flame snaps A wisp of smoke flairs upward Curbing to the past This is my prison And this is my punishment For being unwell Observe gravity Roots planted, sturdy reaching Getting the sunshine? Redesigned reddit Digg it baby one more time Times they are changin' A line of water Diving the land apart? Arching stone made one Talking quietly Sometimes wiping falling tears Old men talk of war Compassionate push Berathing, frustration in the Samaritan Snow Holiday spirit With your friends and family A Merry Christmas Press down hard enough Wrong spots appear like secrets Structural soundness The rumbling streets And the trees do truly sing Recollecting time Brutal honesty I know that it will break me Truth will set me free Life's better alone I've pushed away all who cared So alone, I weep Wood Bridge, swift, dark flow The urn slips from my fingers Blue night, love farewell Galactic monster A demon that needs stopping Go for the head shot If you think you can Or if you think you cannot You will be correct Cocaffeine withdrawal For Lenten, abstinence was A pneumatic drill My face in the glass Looks odd, somehow strange to me Am I growing old? Infatuated With hypotheticals that Will never happen Not Antarctica Polar bear ferocity Fuck these arctic chills Incandescent sun Burns holes through my tired eyes And bleaches my mind No bees this summer Amidst a blossom carpet Not a single one Eyelids creeping close One of us wins twice as much The other won't know Worried brush stroked sky White clouds turned autumn scarlet Wind sways, pine birds sing Cutting the lemon Knife went thru the right finger Driving very fast New contact lenses Now I can see the world clear Best feeling ever Omnipresent us Fly around the universe Try not to get lost Our love wasn't meant To withstand time and distance To span the oceans Finished my homework Relieved as could be for now Just wait for Tuesday Drop, drop, dreary day Windows reflect my sorrow And the rainbow heals Dear for luxury Big brother is watching you What is two plus two? Humanity is order In universal chaos Be still calm your soul Cat prints in the sink Before she could wash her paws A daisy was here Mother, where are you? I cry out from the oven Strangled in the car A lost peony Glistens through infinity Quietly lonely I keep swiping left Because you're right next to me I only want you The dragonfly nymph Molts and becomes so fragile But time hardens it Poker face laundry Concentrated couple and The loser will fold The evening rain clouds Blue, white and brown mountain tops Dying like pencils Friendshipless and hopeless You used to be there for me Did you ever care? Beautiful backgrounds Cuddled under the battlegrounds Chaos all around My mom, her last week Asked how it was happening I had learned enough Quaranto,modo cries The historic belfry razed Weeping for his home Setbacks, diversions Dreams of unending sunshine Encouraged me You answered the call Thank you, Lord, for calling us And walking with us Sleepless exhaustion Dripping windows leak nightly Pores soaked in sorrow She lives in silence Waiting for the end to come Each day, a new curse A man who will fit Through the eye of a needle Will surely ascend All the rain falls down I'm laying in my warm bed Reasons to stand up? She loves another As the others said before I was lost in you Lines like tentacles Sitting atop white crystals Epic Powder Day Condemned to be free Meaning in meaninglessness Everything's absurd One hand on your chest Pulsing as you rise and fall On your face, dreams play The soft light flickers As rain drops dance above me Strange serenity Until next time, love When things become wonderful Oh, so wonderful Important person Finally joins the meeting Let's repeat it all I am a vegan I guess I mess up sometimes Morals can be hard I drank a coffee And I smoked a cigarette Now I need a poo Whistling Blackbird rank? Epaulettes are winging for A revelry day The sun shines brightly Summer envelopes my life Calm and happy me Sounds of caroling Singing cheering hands, clapping On a winter night Singing songbirds weep As Winter's chill comes to be Fleeing for the warmth shattered river ice Sews itself back together Pale scars, crisscross wrists A kind word means much Stranger saying they enjoyed My work has meaning Light struck the bottle Through my window, I felt it Like a thousand eyes Alexandria How we long for legends lost? And secrets you held Mother Nature, love Beautiful as she can be As deadly she is Even after all This time, the sun never says To earth, you owe me Steam leaves the kettle A new day's bright morning sun flavored with coffee Trapsing through the woods I spot a weeping willow Found her hanging from Be proud now, Father Your son found one for himself They both like gingers A small step for love Come closer, human being Waiting by windows It's a haiku day With quiet serenity And peace with few words Cupid sent his bow Eros has me stuck on you You're my obsession It was hot that night Drops of sweat dripped down her cheek Mixing with her tears In the museum Of broken relationships The displays are full Spirits of water Float across the glass surface In the dawn hours A soft, gentle breeze Memories of my mother Looking for seashells? Combine the letters Sometimes in more than one way Bingo, anagrams The blushing white peach Yearning for your thirsty bite Gushe's fragrant juice Slowly, they will fall From the present to the past Where forgotten lie? May your star brighten? Lessons not be forgotten Chill breathe start livin' Snip right for a like Snip left for a try again May I strike gold soon? On the beaten road A million lonely rain drops Gently, reunite Attention here now Yesterday, nor tomorrow Everything is now You make me happy Not only on Valentine's But every day Ah, child memories Life was simple and blurry Highchair and nuggets My dog took a shit It was the size of her head She is tired now Surrounding on the past Try to live in the present Think of tomorrow While I clean in here The three year old is in there Making a big mess I'm still moving on Hard being forced to forget Just a stranger now Refrigerator A big refrigerator Refrigerator Unopened records Unable to ever show Inner surprises Thunder rolls over You can't quell your beating heart Always who dares wins What's so amazing? That keeps us all star gazing And what might we see? Christmas is over Holiday food leftovers Thank God for sweatpants I fear the unknown But courage has wisdom that Fear can never know I am not perfect But no one in this world is In that I find peace The things you love now Will become a chore one day And you will hate them Sun sets with a sigh Night strides forth and owns the sky Time for a haiku Take me to my dreams No worries for tomorrow Sustained with life Honey, we fall short Because we take the long route Around the problems Vocal chords, a song Dance, o tooth and mouth and tongue Soften a stone heart Love the stitch that binds But stitching takes a needle Separate knives Warm sun, cloudless skies Behind windows, do I hide? No one by my side Holding your cold hand Love and laughter echoing It's time to let go Petal blossoms fall Rain on grandmother's parade The dead will rise now Rain streaks gracefully Down from some place far above White swords, pierce, soft soil Need no loyalty Iron grip between my palms The price that we pay Heat clings to concrete [Dick air envelopes] The day Air conditioning I carry around A box of melancholy It gets out sometimes Lying here in bed Autumn breeze through my window Putting me to sleep Wet heavy storm clouds Gather over the corn fields Fists pound on a door How did you hear me? My words never seem enough Please take my hand now You walked all that night When you saw the dawn, you wept Tears lost in dew drops High blood pressure up My heart is like a blossom Ready to explode Weird night moments Disturbant sounds of highway cars Infinite stars above As far as issues And insecurities go I've got you covered Aluminium No Americanisms That won't be Haiku Unfortunately This haiku is a riddle The title is short The chess pieces move I don't know how to play this Keep trying to win You won't know the name No, seriously, you won't It's someplace somewhere A chance to explain My intentions poorly guessed Missing I'm learning to walk Without shackles on my feet Yet I still stumble Age changes us all Llusting after memory Illusions gone by Did I do this right? I'm not very creative Haikus are real hard Got Indian food To weaponize my asshole Filthy Kurds beware Unable to try No one is coming for you Please don't give up now The Fourth of July Prouds we really give no fucks About pollution Peaceful moonlit pond Lone frog on a lotus leaf Sings his summer song The wind carved the stone Polished smooth, it has no cracks But no other shape This is a haiku But it has nothing to say Mogami River Clear blue skies washed white Leaves rustled along the path Hypnotized demise The eternal rose The glass rose is beautiful But lacks warmth lacks life Rise above the gloom See the light, the warmth, the love Now take a deep breath Plastic men follow Black suits, sunglasses, sharp shoes These are giveaways Rusted bludgeoning Iambic breaking the skull metric tons of blood Well written, Haikus Transport you to other worlds Alas, not this one Bought a nice new car When all I want to do is Buy a nice new cat Between man and beast Crucial distinction is lost When blood is scented? It's nice to be here Don't let the bugs eat my head I can see the clouds Midwest slow livin Factory jobs and cornfields Trying to get by I want to feel joy So I won't indulge my thirst Sit still with my void The moon and the sun An eternal cosmic dance How great to witness? How real do you get? When you have killed your own mom And nobody cares Sweaty, sleepless nights Spended pacing in blue lit rooms Insomnia woes The tiny dragon Your soft breathing soothes my soul Sleep well, little prince House full of big dogs What's there to complain about? No room on the couch Come hither efforts With lingerie and perfume Dream of little feet Had another day Longing to become myself Over under tie Haiku collection Written by assorted teens Cuz school is boring Memories are lost Leaves fluttering on the wind Autumn overwhelms If the gods were to Intersect there could be no Free will, so they're still The bearer of life With unconditional love This day is for you A sea of concrete Stretching to the horizon Flowers in the cracks Why must you suffer? Answers hidden from us all I trust you, Jesus Gaze in the mirror It looks like it's been shattered But the glass is smooth Just one little duck Wading along the canal Where's the family? Finch wings flutter Tickle her ears as she walks Down their secret path I seem to be lost But there's no destination I guess I'm okay As I swab the deck Homosexual anal 'Tis but piracy The soldiers look up As two Eagles fight and fall A sign from the gods In the vast cosmos If we all learn the cosmos We still know nothing Silent, empty bed Your frame dancing in my head But the music's stopped It is late at night I am on my computer I should get more sleep Long awaited tea You fill my soul with your warmth This winter is long Support the people That live with risk all the time Their needs dwarf your wants Kids play on a swing Prayer, they will wake from their dream And find each other Black banished you out Did I do it correctly? Only time will tell On a sandy beach People playing everywhere Great relaxation It's very simple To not be thought as racist Don't do racist things Perhaps in falling I'm also gaining the speed To fly by myself She said follow me All days in a pewter daze On the shore coasting Oprahnive stillness Unrelenting stagnation Nothing left to do I have hair down there In my special place of love It is prickly sharp The mind of Buddha Without beginning or end Clouds pass through the sky Falling through the air Diving through the concrete ground Melching in the earth Endless sea of souls How much deeper must I sink? Until I find mine Those tears became mine Those smiles lifted my spirit Life's ever entwined I wrote a haiku In the shower, but now I've Went and forgot it I was on my way When I saw him on the side My purpose then changed Do not doubt yourself You are my personal truth I believe in you The silence of dawn Hake thick on the horizon Delights of the sun What's with the concern? Puck me up and spit me out I am used to it Roses that are red Here a nice poem for you Oh, it's a haiku A lone butt nugget Adrift on foreign ocean Sewing in the breeze Be an animal Not destructive, but peaceful Live in the moment Starry skies alone I ruminate my future Where do I go now? Unlocking the door? A thief had stolen in and Stole Paradise! Fill your shoes with booze You are now a rum runner Your sloshed galoshes Eat too much sphaget Tomas, you will regret My insides hurt now Carpet crop circles All that remains of her here That and Bobbypins This coming future All I know is here and now Fleeting memory He wanted greatness But lived in the liner notes Forever unknown Even unicorns Such a beautiful creature Get eaten by bears This is a haiku There's nothing better to do Than write a haiku A child of Janus A bipolar pendulum I'm me then I'm me Put this collar on And give yourself up to me Let me set you free Hagel falls from the sky Like a painful truth revealed Hurrys when you get hit Tension wraps you In the blanket of pleasure But blows off in storms Camaraderie Good people, long rides, music I miss traveling You only see one But there are six more within My fragmented mind Lonely Asian man Nobody buy his noodles Stupid pathogen So disenchanted That running away is home To wake is a dream I am bored as hell Just waiting for the weekend Time for camping ya'll Stripes of tortillas Lightly fried then add salsa Stir, serve with cheese The windy section Conducted by the maestro Blowing in the march Softly, they embrace Two vines woven together Love deeply rooted Silence is broken Cracking splash, splintered bodies An iceberg drifting The springtime is here Cherry trees on cherry st Best time of the year Besides me, are you? Each moment lived together Guided Perfecting Man, eats lunch, dog sits Thinking scraps might come his way The life of a dog Big vintage t shirts And bigger city sunsets Make up the small things Nameless vehicles Telephone poles and wires Industrial smoke Pink contrails slice through The pale blue sky of morning Hinting at sunrise Don't search for the words When you have nothing to say Silence is golden I thought I liked it The feeling of loneliness But who do I tell? embers spark the brush Endangering the forest Leaving Ashen Scars? Truth transcends space time Interplanetary truth Truth might not exist Once you held my hand Adrift in your fearless gaze We will meet again The cityscape shifts When I remove my glasses The stars stay the same Screaming everywhere No one, but me can hear it Auditory ghosts There once was a man From Cork, who got limericks? And Haiku's confused Chalk marks on the wall Drop knee crimp, gaston heel hook Surviving fears Morning ritual A mouse under the new moon Sleepy eyes, calm breath Who is that woman? The riddle of the model I want to know her Thinking of coffee? Has me dreaming in the night? Can't wait for breakfast Anonymously Enters the public toilet Looks both ways, no one I made a big fart It woke me from a deep sleep Then I could not sleep If she really cared I would already be there Desire laid bare Sometimes it is true I simply don't sort by new Therefore, I'm sorry I count down the days To finally leave this place I used to call home Staring at your face Now I know what life is for Greatest gift of all Only time can heal The notion that we're alone Find peace within you In each moment,you For me such love and service Humbly, I say thanks Carousing crows are Blackening backyards with an October outing Typing a message? I'm thinking of you at work Put that phone away Do my past wounds see The scarred skin they left behind Protecting me now Life is infinite This is a good piece of news Worse that it's bounded My hand on your throat My lips brush against your ear You belong to me Traces by Talon An explosion of feathers Shred from a Jay The squeak of dry snow Is only experienced On the coldest nights Suddenly a loss Sacrifice penetrates covers Find hope in God's love Whiskey on my breath I've been tasting it for days While wild flowers bloom The bread magician Led in a metal box Spinning out it's toast Forgiveness is earned Self deceit is living death Honor is guiltless Some haiku for you To show how one mayhaps do I hope you enjoy I loved him fully But he is never present Time to let him go When writing haikus Fingers, tap on surfaces Counting syllables I'd bleed myself dry And rename the stars for you Just to kiss you once From you, deception Grace will lead me to the truth Wisdom in the word Such trash tier anal The limpness of this wino A bloody disgrace In darkest spaces Her dull pain led to closure A freakin' dance off Whatchoo wanna do? Make me wanna shoop baby You make me wanna? She wore a perfume To the Concentration Camp Like an ugly rose Driftwood floats away Drunken eyes fail to focus On the wooden step Potato, Rosti A lot of work for not much Best just make wedges Meadows, I long for Sun bathing with a nice breeze I miss the outdoors Her frantic search was Clinging to a dryer sheet For the orphan sock Under the palm trees Faded mountains behind us The Earth stops spinning Many spiders weave During warm summer evenings Grandma on the porch Ford Focus rs Speeding down the mountain pass Must be late for work If one feels the need For piles of toilet paper One is full of shit Turn up the TV So the delivery man? Thinks I'm not alone The promise of spring Cherry blossoms bloom brightly A lie cold frost strikes Winters cold entrail Stealing life from the living Activating new birth? The lunar beauty On earth and in the heavens Your light shines brighter Leaves step to music Wind plays as an orchestra Directing their dance If you are in doubt Then just believe in the me Who believes in you? Her song is sweetest Her hum resonates in man Her name is the sea Dandelion stalk ' alone, it sways triumphant Over a still lawn Nighttime stroll alone Windows spill enchanted light Jasmine are in bloom Cold dew on the leaf If you knew my loneliness What help could you give? When the ash settles And the darkest sun shines dull You'll have a nice lunch The past still haunts me Visions and nightmares I see When will I be free? Regal red birds, chirp Grandma's favorite callers My link to the past Storm clouds brew ahead Sundance breaks the sky open A bright disaster The accusations A black cloud I cannot shake Chase me to the death When I learned to talk My hands wave for your ears, but You could not hear me Peace found in the chores Giving thanks to you this day Lord, your grace, my joy I've been down this road Yeah, yeah, this one really sucks It's got a dead end I long to hear you Your whispers are a sweet song Your words like fine wine I'm the growing seed I don't lose identity Forever changing Towering Redwoods Ancient keepers of knowledge Deafening silence I'll pen a murder Console your heart through blood lust Seal this ink black pact I'm very hungry But am having to much fun Video games starve What one wants in life? versus what one needs to do Can vary widely The open book stares It's blank pages, search my soul I cannot write it Watching old cat sleep? Fed her by bottle when young I love you, Gato Sometime this morning The rows of green gave birth to Pink and white blossoms Featherlight headed [ thick white flavored smoke] plumes from Tall Shisha Towers It is a struggle Whenever I have nightmares No one to snuggle Oh yeah, this is fast This is too fast, I can't stop Flying through the air? In Twilight's embrace My heart skips a beat for you Nightfall in your eyes You have potential It grows and wanes as time moves Use it while you can Sardins and Tuna Dinner was yummy tonight And now Kitties poop Poo pee, poo, pee poo I might be too old for this But you might be too Give time for a dime For few to make a dollar Makes the world holler Worker bees can leave Even drones can fly away The queen is their slave The meaning of life Enoughed on a tanker truck Find a need, fill it Hometown funeral Driving back a railway wreck? Something in common I smiled as you danced Under the venetian moon Hands clutching roses A tropical storm Summer in San Francisco No longer winter You went to Afghanistan? You came back to Kentucky But part of you stayed Koi in a small pond The duck's screaming in warning A heron wants fish The heart and vases It's as if it was a rule Made to be broken Critics and Eunuchs Both can observe and comment But neither can do Absent unspoken Memories filling the void Dreams of reunion Your words are wounding Your lying tongue, a scalpel Your aim, perfection Across the expanse Turkey mountains and summits All within the bath Life has a meaning It's what you want it to be Too many options Day dreaming of him My hands on his back softly Yearing is lonely Sweet embrace of death Do not stray away from me End my misery Coming together In this moment we are one Synchronised heart beat In the end, she came Just a lifetime of waiting Soundly, I sleep now His flashing light dimmed In the sticky hit and run Riding from the web As the turkey flies New decorations arise Leads the season's change People raff at me Because I am diffelent But I raff at them Winter Crescent Moon Chalice tipped by the mother Cold drops of sweet dew Gently bows her head Golden hair down the shoulder Violet's blue eyes On October third It's a quote from a movie He asked me the date I cried tears of rage And then it began to rain Nature felt my pain Feed the birds today The young ones are so hungry Their nests are so bare These knotted shoulders Flaky scalp and stinging eyes I must quit my job The sun shines outside Yet the air is thick with dread A storm brews within Schedule time for you Shower, shave, brush, read, cook knit Don't sink, just don't sink What is my work worth? Labor is my distraction In a futile race Rain quietly falls Dry ground grows muddy and wet Leaving Petrichor? Clicking and tapping Fluorescent glow overhead Another work day Ouch the pan is hot Oh, my God, I burned my hand I need a towel Together we climbed Together we shared, prayed, loved Together today Tears and sweat and blood Together they form despair I am just human It's all about rights Till coffins start piling up In underground parks Stoned and daydreaming Of the next time I see you It's making me smile The pond where I fish Frogs come out under the moon Spring's nightly concert Sighing heavily Running around in circles Channing a dead end What am I doing? Driving all this way for what? It's self sabotage Really miss your voice And the way you make me smile I love you so much I need a bottle I don't care about your sleep Go get my bottle Like life is for real When you've got these groceries? And they all just spill Her moans of heaven Labored uncontrollably Burn hell to white ash Wild daffodils bloom Turkey's gobble out their lust Kentucky, spring time Here I stand alone My heart is cold like winter Darkness consumes me Downloading conscience In the confessional for A freedom upgrade Wind crisp on my face Silver crescent bright as day Midnight by Moonlight Spellbound, envious An unwanted audience Get your own pizza One lonely morning Small spider out my window Gone when the rain comes I can't get to sleep It's been almost two days now Someone please kill me I saw a spider The Great Chicago Fire The spider's gone now I write down the words But the feelings don't come through I crumple my work Sticked at a crossroad I don't know which way to pick A hard decision I ate some dairy And now I am suffering The consequences I draw on my pipe Late evening by the Willows Autumn Moon Rising Growth is not easy It is painful and staggered Unpredictable Each day I wake up Lonely trying to forget The things I regret Had a nice thought once I ruined it when it got Mixed in with the darks No new messages The unbearable silence Pick phone up again [Whispering Willows] Speaking of times, long sense past Memories remain I must spend my time Whether I want to or not There are no receipts Results omitted Beware the streisand effect Forget me, Google Rapture the landscape Solvestation, my damnation Content in silence Easiness just beyond grasp So close, I could almost taste Welcome to my hell I cut off his hand Pleading I reveal the truth I am you, father Overprotective No sense of independence Smother me with love Plutonic City Hubble could barely see it Kuiper ships waiting For the times you fall May someone be there to see? And pick you back up Soft retreating sun Colors of the leaves have changed So, too, does my heart Let's count together And list every number From zero to one Salt stains on suede shoes Swallows soaked by swirling snow Withering weather If you want to be Then let your spirit exclaim I am here for you Goals as a father Teach, please, and thank you also Don't fuck with people Promise you'll find me Her small hand squeezed her mother's The train whistle blew A sheet of concrete Phantastic Prison This white empty page Resistent warning Many months to deter it Imminent meltdown Unacknowledged worth Seductive blasphemy lures Elliterate promises Power to choose fate Destiny ahead of them Making the right choice Sickeningly sweet The lingering taste of you Sugar on my lips In a golden pond The coy and carp splash around Such a joyous sight Morning comes gently The day leads to disaster Night becomes mourning A twilight ringing My telemarket mistress A free cruise for two Late night intrusion My heart races sweaty palms Does she think of me? Sumo takes cold bath holes with small lines grow bigger Ice fishing in spring It's stuck in my head Toss a coin to your witcher Damn, that's a good song Everything you do Sparkles so brightly sometimes I can't even look You call him monster So he chose to become one You call me fascist I look at your face And catch you looking at me Your eyes are sparkling The neon district A lightning bug wink while they Require a mate Find the rest of me Backstreets, subterranean Tunnels under sheets I barely noticed I came within one meter Of my final act I've fallen for you But I don't want to get up It feels nice down here A blue spruce fiat Invited the little bird To nest in her bough The morning light breaks A rose petal floats to earth I look to the sky Time for a road trip Cruised with the window down Oh, no, it's raining Smileing at them now All the rough edges blurry I won't forget you I am there for you Are you sure you're not just sad? Maybe try to smile My beds, not the same Missing subtle ambience After you wake up This feels so good now But give it a day or two You'll hate yourself then Pale, sweet strawberry Your soft hair against my chest Brings me so much ease Copper dust scatters Below the descending craft Perfection lands So then I ask you What does one do when true love? Grows wings of its own Black Friday online Do I need all this garbage? I'm not quite that cheap Themes,'Anstoanend' Completedcontemplation Thenasweetrelease Monsoon has arrived I can hardly see the road You sleep through the rain A client meeting Dress blows open in the wind Wrap dress betrayal Today I found you Reaching out to renew us Memories erupt He stands on the edge Two paths lay clearly ahead But instead, he sits The little river That splashes in the sunlight Is so loud at night? What we leave behind? Is how we are remembered? Leave fond memories With or without guac Some tortillas, meat and cheese Let's eat some nachos Fresh wounds on old scars Unwashed monarchs still wrestle Blood is love but lost You like flats or drums? Hot and spicy, or just mild Gotta have them wings Will I ever stop? Feeling like an impostor? In my own small life A short collection Of Haiku and Tanka for Independence Day My pockets empty I spent so much to have you Come be poor with me Take it easy, man Dig your way out the ocean Just lay back and float The sun hails morning Shout amid the muted sky Light lavender Enough hospitals Common in utopia Bad news for Blue Cross Blood on the concrete Mainlanders come after me For freedom, we fight November has come I'm another year older November has gone A misspoken word And now the day seems ruined I'm getting nowhere I love my black cat She snuggles up in my bed And makes it her home Those three little words They have the power to kill I can not say them After brief silence The birds chirp outside again Time to sleep, I guess A chorus of frogs Are peeping their spring notes in? A soprano bog A heart will grow past The shadows of present rain But still the rain falls In the night alone I see the full moon so bright It will be alright I don't mean to brag Watched a pot until it boiled Well, I almost did Restless summer night You wrap your arms around me And I am at peace Bright flash of lightning Heard from afar as thunder The storm incarnate Sown by the seagulls Dinning in the cloudy rows And tilling their field Be patient with me I've got it all together But you keep adding Truth ideation The essence of creation Shifting throughout time The Rooster sits still Under the morning moonlight Waiting for the sun Planetary Chess Intergalactic tactics Anxiety, stress Calm down, babe relax I know the water is cold I'll watch as you sink Exploring daydreams Wings of possibilities Soar like Peregrines Anger within you It colors your words and deeds Love will set you free I wait for the bus The clouds are looking gloomy It finally rains Men, yell for freedom One took one shot to the chest Suddenly silence My love of Haiku This reddit thread breaks apart I look no longer Resplendent new day Foreboding persisting still Living in the past Is the grass greener? Looks just perfect over there Am I stood in dust? Truth revealed,'Oh, my Misunderstood for so long Now to contemplate Trying to be cool Hoping karma increases Down voted again Once I loved the sun For me, it fell from the sky Now night never ends A grass on a road Swaying gently in the breeze Peaceful and peaceful Unwavering love This is what I feel for you Till my dying breath Rainy days are nice It's like the sky is crying I feel less alone Mirror in the wall I pass by no reflection All the lights go off Sometimes I wonder If my shouts of anger are Music for the birds More, more, more, more, more We need to keep consuming termites eating wood Hey, listen here, man I know that Guac is extra Gotta treat yo'self Grandmother showed us Slowworms in the allotment Bathing in the dirt Rolling hills of clouds Perception fades and wanders Of what will I dream? Stones carelessly thrown In the calmest of waters Propogate ripples You rinse with water Don't spray into the darkness Clean, posterior If I kill myself To kill what I have become Who wins in the end? In the darkess Silence of depression Lying next to me The dew fell at dawn Little beads brought from the sky To nourish the earth In my room, I think Pails of tears spill unbelieved Lost highway risen The damage is done I'm running to get away Too littletoo late Right upon your birth You were briefly the youngest Person in the world Sitting on the pier As the world flows around you Watching the sun set One chance to explain And the monster you run from? Will swiftly be slain They claim they love me They love who I used to be Sometimes people change The knees are creaky Like an old ocotillo In the desert wind My dark passenger The monster beneath the man Rises after dusk Young birds in a tree Crying for their mother's care Silence fills the air Once vibrant corals Bleathed white without company O woe onto us Snoring in my ear Peacefully, my husband sleeps Why, oh, why can't I? Crisp stillness at night On the crust of winter's end Cold snap in the air Murdoch scene Jigsaw Put the pieces together Find out who done it The moon is lit red It's a strange sense of calmness Trees sing with a breeze They could have capsized But luck was in their favour And they were on land Joy and thanksgiving Love received given to all A glimpse of heaven On a mountaintop I slice open my stomach Sipping an egg yolk? Casting magic spells? A novel, kindling rebirth Why are you smiling? Milking dairy juice Fettered, but yet still free aww Simple joys in life My buttocks, quivers Anticipating Anal Multiple niggers God of distant stars Always looking down at me It's midnight somewhere Start with a clean slate Leave the past where it belongs Eating your dust cloud? Coronavirus One word with five syllables Nothing to sneeze at Banish emptiness And fill me with you again I love you, Hummus Treasured summer days Life in bloom in each moment Baskingtoday's plan Soft, rustling noises Little sparrow in a hedge Flies when it spots me Staring at the phone Knowing it will never ring She's moved on by now Life given freely A humble crystal vessel The sea roils within It's impeachable Investigate my rivals Or Russians, Annex? The sun is angry I breathe desiccated earth The sky hoards water An'so your tense turns An inexorable shift Now my mother was Two in the morning Waiting for the sun to rise Taken by spirits Self introductions First lecture this semester My voice won't come out Failing to warm you Swimming through a sea of stars Of imagined paths At the end of fall Plumage on the horizon Bluffs in the cold Suicide Puzzle Relationships set to blow A bond difusal A muse to a ruse I never saw it coming Beginning nor end A lovely spirit His heart is made of pure gold Keep him far from me Being functional Is always so easy but Working is hard Noman was alone But time was considerate Time waits for Noman Used all the good bowls Down to the cheap plastic one Washer tonight My pump is failing Watering starting to back up Spewing all over Just one solution I have to become someone Who does what I can't? Softly humming, friend Gently setting the cheesecake Refrigerator Stones placed randomly Sun alings, deceiving us Mysterious henge Snow lounging on trees Dark and melancholy days I adore winter Apple's oranges Raw cucumber salads, plums I miss eating meat I'm an alien Molded are my tattered shoes But why don't they fit? Your way, your path, Lord Sideshows abound and pull me Your love guides each step I hope that you find The letter I left for you I'm sorry, move on Bluster Mirror View Direct distract my senses Is this what all is? Only fans is wack A disappointing climax Refund my money Beat on a new drum Or beat on the same old one The sound is the same A pleasant service A welcoming cathedral A good day for faith My mind is amped up On negative emotions You keep me grounded Drink to forget that I don't love you anymore Love me anymore She's on her cellphone Getting high on the weekend She has no worries I need cold showers Though they never seem to clean Up this dirty mind A hydraulic lift Is spattering and hissing? Confronting the dog The joy of young love Heavy petting, deep breathing The birth of new life To tell how many Is harder than it should be Bloody Syllabols Fraternal emotions Brittle like brown grass under Heavy winter weight First light of the day The peace before the world wakes A single bird sings Inside the classroom Performing presentation His voice is shaking I am so sorry You deserve someone better This is for the best Do you have to go? The door is over there, but I could help unpack School exists today Save my brain from this torment Idea loss here The cold wind blows hard Blowing the leaves off a trew Neaked defenseless Waves with frequencies Permeate the universe Not so black and white Sky bled dry of light Now we face the cold of night Courage shining bright That would be awesome Looking forward to it all Very nice offer I'm not paranoid There's just a conspiracy To make you think that? Sometimes I struggle Restless mind calling for peace Long walk through the dunes I really like you You'll never feel the same way This is agony I just took a piss Now my bladder is empty Damn, that feels so good Made a fool of me I most certainly have done Should I laugh or cry? Why did you come back? I am done kissing your ass I am done with you A weary old man Starks through his false persona The light is blinding First to squat post clean The floor glows a bleachy sheen Drop anchor unseen Ener of shut eyes The heart will skip a beat twice Aroma, so nice Wind thrashing wildly Trees sing out in high voices Rain horizontal I am very cold I lost my warm winter coat Beer cause and answer Two years gently drift Through the pond, missing the time Spend learning to rhyme Paralyzed by fear Nothing I say comes out right I just want to talk We dig up the dead Liquided hydrocarbons For gas and plastic My train is delayed One hundred twenty fifth Street Something happened there? I am a sad man My date went home with some guy I spent forty bucks I've lost my toothbrush Can't you just use your finger? I've lost my arms too Keep checking my phone To see if you've texted me Just wishful thinking We were young before Does that mean that we are old? Did we cross the line? The storm will end soon The sky clears and the rain dries Under the warm sun Sat still at nighttime Records of good times and bad Play on in my head Listless afternoons Like a pause without a cause Are not a real gift You can wait for him Two months will fly away soon But should you do that? Strength hides from cold limbs The bitterness saps mettle I cannot do it Is your fridge running? Of course my fridge is running You better catch it I have made mistakes But my mistakes are my own So I can change things I spoke with Satan He planned to smoke with Jesus And then go fishing Black diesel exhaust soaking deep into my lungs Never to come out Skater boys dash by Wiking through pedestrians Like a swift bullet Winter is coming Cold winds are blowing over Snow might fall tonight Moisterias buzz near Sticky red popsicle hands A delicious treat Don't worry too much We know so well things unsaid Joined eternally White snow falls softly Coating the ground with a froth Stepped on my glasses I write poetry Some of it is really good Some of it is trash Grandiose diction Lexemes, multisyllabic Not good for Haiku Dream, awake your fate Running makeup tears today My memories traced Amber afternoon Wind visits this quiet pond Rocks the Lily pads Lightheaded, I fell The Earth rose to welcome me My first cigarette From the roof, I gaze Night cloud melt into the sky I must let it go Talking through toothpaste Oh, wife, who I deeply love? Words of excitement Four spider legs show But her web's invisible 'Til you choose to look Disks, spin lights, flash beep An update, Jesus Christ No My report is due First post of the day The next one might be better But don't hold your breath Ninety eight days dry I'm tempted to drink again Go for one hundred Don't look for answers To find out life's true meaning Seek the right questions No satisfaction Satisfied desires The trap of my Creep under skies Filled with ripe and heavy stars Swaying when we kiss My eyes met with yours Only for a brief moment And that was enough Could you too hear howls? Of trains at night from your bed Lootball wolves I can't sleep with you Staring down at me smiling Worse, lullaby A dose of poison To quiet my grieving heart Am I an addict? Took a hiatus Creativity, fatigue Onegaishimasu Organization All things in the correct place Cleans my mind's clutter Jasmine leaves open She greets the foreign cacti Sharing her window Do these need meaning? Or just the right syllables Can they be questions? Darkness surrenders Nature leisurely unfolds Golden sun rises Sundrenched Lakeside Trail (Whispers wring out sweat and sigh Trade clothes for water If you are, I am If you aren't, then I can not And that's how it is What do you call A? Lazy baby, Kangaroo A pouch potato Closed eyes and deep breaths Guided me through the darkness You fulfill my thoughts If life is a game Money is how we keep scores Keep play or be played Reddit, oh, Reddit Am I beautiful today? Yes, Omaigad, yes Rubber duckie sounds Saturated running shoes Squelching through the rain Traffic yields to you If you are a pretty girl Wearing yoga pants? Advertisements here All therapy related Something about me A new day arrives An old routine is followed A new day is lost Love of you fills me Your name heard my joy explodes Never shall it end While achievements fade Your errors always pervade While gold sinks stains stick Run into the sun Burnt thighs sync to watered eyes Cadence enduring Count with your fingers Spelling out words with your lips It takes two, baby With siblings, we sleep Unbeknownst, it creeps loudly Mom still slammed the fridge I write my haikus I do not like poetry Why do I come here? While I don't believe Every time a star falls I can't help but wish Summer sun, mild, warm I close my eyes and listen To hear a rose grow Flashes in the sky A thunderous song begins Spectacular rain It's time to get up But I want to stay in bed Late for work again A bear upon us All that I will need to do Run faster than you We shopped wedding cake You left me on Ghost Train, Hague I'm living blue dreams He lowers his blinds Then after fifteen minutes He raises them flushed The cold, dim darkness Sees a vivid, intense spark Rekindled by hope When you have the stress Listen to a few calm tunes It works like a charm Grasshopper's gliding The sun on gossamer wings I can barely see Find me offensive A sensitive little world It makes me chuckle Deep into autumn Oh, hello, my winter coat It's been a long time A resurrection In theory, as I choose to Believe in her smile Cherry blossoms fall Koda squats to take a poo The green grass receives My room is quite dark And the air is much too cold Please forgive the smell A burning embrace Anger and hate diminished A placid escape Disarono Price Thirty dollars a bottle Guess I'll be sober The building will fall Clouds are blowing it too hard I will hold it here Favorite bouquets Impemptu dandelions Steale from innocence Cherry placed on top Then everything crumbles down Just the perfect weight Her stare penetrates Sundance shining through old trees I can feel her warmth I woke up, Groggy Anxious reasons to stay home I chose to be late Tangled tartan maze Linear thought keeps bondage Forever enough Today, too, I go Through my daily chores, always Running towards you He tried to warn them He knew the disease had come They did not listen Summer memories Times so goodwhere are you now? Found in love and faith Drugs will rot your brain They will make you go insane Save yourself the pain Sunshine dappled trees Paint their shapes upon the ground Bringing summer's end Two bodies, one bed Sticked together as it snows Intoxicating One horse promenades A layer of abstraction Above the game space Sunny winter morn [Muses away] Yesterday's fun Someone dropped a glove A new box is here Oh, my God, what's in the box? Gwyneth Paltrow's head Deep in a forest The world is quiet and dead Neutral icicles Fleeing innocence In favor of life will breed mediocrity Oh, kind grim, Ripper Please give me just one more day Her voice gives me hope Song Bird longs to fly Her home is now her prison Set the caged bird free With faith I endure Throughs come, but hope, love dry them Following the lamb Twenty years ago Internet was really slow Not that I would know Yes, you're my type too I don't forget anything It's been so long now Moving coffee grounds On the kitchen counter are Instant roasted ants Healing can be hard Healing is not linear Give yourself a break Syria bombing Genocide in Xinjiang Royals are racist All hail potatoes Green Earth's most merciful starch Watching out for you If you're a primate You will need prime real estate To find a prime mate Early short drizzle Fresh raindrops on the green grass A new day to live Heroes won't save you You'll have to do it yourself Destructive, is it not? I liked you a lot And I cared for you deeply It hurts, I feel sick Images in glass Reflective yet transparent You choose what you see Sescapegoats and martyrs Needed by society To keep status quo Stretch my waking toes Dancing Crests, the mountaintop Coffee steeps below I am a haiku I am a perfect haiku Thank you for reading Sleeping mountain dreams Cloaked by the whispering rain Waiting for the stars I would give the world Just to see your smile again Even in my dreams A heart beats and weeps Not to live because it's forced No tears, just abyss Those dolphins and whales Do they really think of us? Like we think of them War is hell for all Leaving visible track marks It is addicting Come devastation! Apathy infestation Your hesitation Each time, the phone rings I think Grandma and forget You left in the spring? Your viewdistorted The truth will set you free, friend Walking hand in hand It's scary in here I don't like any of this I think there's monsters Lego Creation The only limit is your Phantastic Consumption of time Imagination at work Escape the realists I am going forth As fast as my slowest friend The brown bear must eat I've been blown off course Now, in calm waters, I drift Subdued and listless O darkness and light Makes me wander and ignite Such alluring sight To you, my brother I have missed you for so long There is much to do You're perfect, it's true But without me, you're just you We could be much more Hoping in pale grass Breakfast served in morning light Whoa, some birds are here? Comfort is oft sought Can't be found in convenience Try enlightened peace Life is no question An answer is not needed It is beautiful Soggy and leaking Watch me as I come undone Incorrectly wrapped Between the pillow And the vast parental sky Lost uncounted sheep Nothing can cure me I call out into the night An echo pitch black Nick Cage wants to steal The declaration parchment To get filthy rich Italian staple Pasta, red sauce and meatballs Ready spaghetti? Sitting in a desk? Thinking of a painful death Let me leave this place Clothes in the streets They have soothed my soul and yet This is how I die The first thing I do After falling off the cliff Up the hill again I try to advance Except slowly like the tide I retreat again With the faintest shrug You won't deny what I've found Thought that this was it Written thoughts of yours Brought us closer bond, we shared Still unbreakable Every morning Back to sleep early tonight I lie to my bed Can you hold my hand? No one loves me like you do With your hand in mine Love the Super Bowl Never know who's playing though I just like the snacks Rising with the sun Instead of waking alone A mourning person My entire life Filled with trauma, pain and strife Why am I still here? Pull up nets of thought Sink teeth into hollow fish Over still oceans Feel the sharpest wind Passing through your ears and breath 'Cause you are alive Your love is a drug When I see you, I can fly I wish it was real Want to take me I'm yours, how do you want me? Want don't go Storms sometime change course Trees rooted deep are upheaved After the rush, calm Monica knows best Remove all the other girls Poor Doki Dokis Under cloudy skies Nights become longer than days Autumn has arrived Anxiety high Managing though, I struggle Mani awaits Dawn of election I wonder what will happen Remember to breathe In quest for wisdom Worried about survival? Curbing by desires My feet smell like chips More precisely the corn kind Corn chip smelling feet First bird sings out proud Cutting through soft cricket sounds Calling up the sun Black Cigarette Tar soaking deep into my lungs Slow strangulation Christmas is over Holiday food leftovers Hot damn for sweatpants Born in the desert One optimistic flower Waiting for the rain A late April snow Seasons have become senseless My bearings are gone A horse pulls a plow He knows not of the knacker The pigs saw to that Walking through the park One leaf refuses to land How far will you go? Winter lays the land Moonlight, dusting the crisp snow White against the dark The salt sticks softly Upon my sheltered body As the waves feel me I fuck your shit up And sleep on your goddamn face Bitch, I am a cat An old honey jar Filled with maple leaves and twigs Requires the fireflies How you surprised me? Threes fill me with joy and hope Proof that I am loved Days more dark than light Skeptical trees stand Dormant Afraid spring's warmth A stage and a bar Back to the basics of love Luckenbach, Texas Sometimes you get pushed Down so hard that you never Want to get back up? That which is unseen Mayhap bear the darkest knife Or the softest kiss Computers for peace Program developers should Declare Var not war Refrigerated seasonal fruits Whirl in a misty wine glass Dripping besot sweat I am but a pig I play in my shit all day It's a peaceful life You left the group chat? Without a word of notice Did you ever care? Cold, mist, rain and fog Mother Nature shuts her blinds Makes me want to sleep Daughter's birthday cake Four candles burning brightly Blows them out in one This will hurt someday I know this, too, is fleeting Still want you to stay If you can read this I will tell you a secret I do so see you I can feel the ants Crawling all over my brain Please just make it stop Stale glass of water A dissatisfying sip I drink it again Mitochondrial It's the powerhouse of the How I do taxes? I saw me again An exact copy of me Just staring at me Late summer evening My mother sits on the porch Singing her heart out She said, I love you So I said I love you more Turns out I was right Trump's America Privatizing profit and Socializing debt You deserve so much Your heart is like a quasar It can kill someone Mistakes raised the walls Can I ever remove them? Love removes each brick Eerie yellow light Through smoke in the stratosphere Fires in the West Each call more questions What if this never changes? What if I was wrong? Afloat in a boat Drifting without a paddle And no land in sight Will a change come now? Optimism shines a light Only time will tell Daffodils wither Before spring has yet warmed up A sparrow flies past Happy Valentine's To all the lovers and those Who love oneself too? A pack of haikus Cold Fingers, Colder Reviews No expectations easing down their flaps Air Canada has landed Safely with a honk I'm not sure whether To put my writing out there Or keep it private Moon passes above Shining illumination Then the darkness comes In the final breath A life flashes before you No time for regret Music in my ears Worrying out the sounds of life? Happily concealed Sometimes you gotta Tell them right now, how you feel No time like right time You drive me crazy Not in a good way either Bang's head on table This started as steak Now I keep choking on it Because it's just bone No more need to fear This monster inside of me He is surrounded Twilight fades to night Stars and Moon reunited Matching in bright white Eyes shot red, no sleep I'll never forget her face Pain where love once lived I feel and fill voids Fill them well yet unfulfilled Sexless marriage still The North and South Poles Do not sit in a time zone How free they must feel Awaken from your dreams In dull monotony Often it seems Pink orchid opens Pink tongue probes, delicate pet'ls Pink her blushing face I need you to check Does my butt feel cold to you? Hello, what thehey? Working in your home Avoiding Covid disease? Social distancing A lifetime gone by Finally, I can cast wish But what do I want? Arizona Heat My dog lays in the sunshine He is warm hearted What am I to do? Can I fulfill my purpose? Yes, love leads the way Hunger and alone Sunny fields without tulips Freedom came this day All you share with her I will always be second I should give this up I picture a star Growing as you approach her Is that what you want? Shit, they cancelled sports Oh, God, what will I watch now? At least there's free porn All her memories A life we shared together Sumpt by a headstone You left me a gift Then gave him a larger box I unwrap envy Catsup on noodles Smells like chicken meowmein [Feline] Real good now The isolation When quarantine is lifted Imagine the hugs I don't like Haiku's They don't make much sense to me Refrigerator Cast into fire Beauty becomes ash and smoke Its truth fills the air I don't like Haiku But they're short enough for me To write while I poo I feel so confused Looking for answers using? Trial and error Soft light graced the woods While we watched the Crane Flies dance Amid the tall grass Put on mascara It looks nice, I cry it off My cheeks wear it well People everywhere Looking down instead of up Put your phone away Verdant Green leaves sway Golden lines of wheat in fields Hazy, summer days New year brings a change A body transformation Do you even lift? [Slightly patter of rain] Awakens sleeping lilies Percolating spring Dear future roommate Stay clean, stay quiet, live well We will get along Reaching out to you Can we walk together, friend? Perhaps tomorrow A drop of honey Dancing leaves, move up and down Clear water now dark Sunset slowly comes I still have time to wander 'Alse i found peace Hairy passengers Distracting other drivers Giving them the tongue Two words together Waterfalls and elephants Phantastic It's as good as dead Breath new life into nothing Never work again Wisteria hang Intersection of beauty And impending doom American shores For Canadian friends to Brood on Beaver Lodge Guardian Angels Still tender to their plots in A carving of wings You say nothing but? I already saw it all Quiet hurts you more Got high holy veins My reflection full of shame I've been here too long Love turned me bitter Raven, beauty and stature I was besotted Time really does fly I stopped counting my goodbyes I stopped getting hurt She feels she can't heal She's her own worse enemy She just cuts deeper Birds announce morning Room is hot and dimly lit Fingers crossed for her Dewy grass glistens Brightly radiating sun Lighting up the land Disparted misstatements Oversimplification Mind bending techniques Missing your sweet voice Each syllable warms my heart Break the silence now I left my secrets Tucked inside the ocean's waves To set myself free My lover is gone Won't you come back to my side? Why did you leave me? Dispared by the wind The heat of summer long gone Only you remain Heard an Alan Watts Lecture on Zen poetry And now I am here Betrayed with a smile The knife wound bleeds in my mind Still, I forgive them Wings beat over sea Carrying a crop of seeds? Somewhere new to grow Child did you receive? Gifts freely given to you Joy awaitsunwrap Find a quiet place Fill it with laughter and song Leave before it stops Today while I shit I found a tick on my dick I wish this was fake The virus is fake He could do as he wanted Confirmed at his wake Anything you lose? Can be found again one day Except time wasted I still have my heart But for all it's endeavors It seems to beat slow From the artist's hand One final stroke of the brush The painting is done Tell me what to do I cannot think for myself Proletariat Everlasting dreams The bittersweet taste of life Hope is all I have I hear a soft buzz My world stops, but not for long I wish it was you I never said it You said it more times than I But then I meant it A war in the sky Deafening thunderous roars Mortals close their ears Hard work feeds the soul It's time for a vacation My soul got too fat The store's nice and cool But once I step out the doors The heat enfolds me Haikus are not hard Three lines, five, seven, then five Remember, be deep Lips that once traded Kisses in a love so pure Are full of hate now Nature and whatnot? All manner of fruity stuff Holy mackerel Lazy summer days I'm black as the ace of spades Hence the crack and booze The sun is rising No need for an alarm clock The birds are chirping A proper haiku Contains five, then seven, then Five more syllables Their tongues meet twisting Their hands lock, she pulls him close And two becomes one Rest your head upon My chest and let my heart play You a lullaby Burnt my hand at work The greatest barista skill Smile through agony Thinking of the greats Would basho like my haiku? Wandering spring thoughts Morning came slowly And I grew weary watching The world turning blue I sit here all day Just trying to look busy Purgatory sucks In the laundry room Always washing black with blue An absence of mood Wanderlust suits us Yearning for home as we sit Around the table Unpaved tree lined road Tattered farm in the distance Sweet tea on the porch The sun sets early Shadows outstretch and lengthen Darkness comes too fast I met a woman We fell in love when we met Butterfly's always I'll propose a toast Rake it for my self control Crawling on the floor Lowly Pawn, am I? Filled with hope for victory Trusting in your moves Flowers are in bloom Leaves coming to life, turn green Finally, spring came Progress, so they say Is often moving backward? In a forward way Christmas all year round Santa Clauus, Indiana I believe in him On the horizon A white sail journeys towards The country of clouds These old memories They are too perfect to keep Help me not look back Like a great river The years carve into your face Yet your eyes beam love Such encouragement Your smile invigorated My soul filled with joy Money is evil Currency is disaster All things should be free I start up my life I wait for it to begin Already ending Wailing winter blues So caught up in my problems Summer set me free You say I'm a catch? But if only you say it Is it even true? Coughing is painful Come watch me, exhale daggers I hope I don't die Songbird jives the wind Freeflow compost remembers Dank marijuana Staring at my screen php spaghetti code Who, oh, it was me Unexpected times Take the opportunity To build something new Share like a ring A marriage to a stranger Announced in a stitch When I try to write The words that I need to write They scatter like leaves I am drunk as fuck Sixteen beers and too much weed Time to go to sleep Many miles ahead Pumping heart and pumping legs Yet my mind is still I ate a melon I ate a watermelon Watermelon, time I was just looking For something you deemed profound In the wrong places An intruder here Marauding within my mind My peace is plundered Make your bed with care As you'll lie in it later Monsters fear routine Another dull bar Soda water still fizzing Vapidly nodding The warm passing wind Brought life to the lone fruit fly In the Spider's Web Blackbird, sing your song Signal the dawn of the day A smile on my face A thin pane of glass Protects me from icy winds Who is more fragile? Winter is coming Snowflakes start to fall form sky They land on freezed earth March on, drummer boy What else is there you can do? Their ghosts cheer for you Another problem New challenge to overcome Focus, move forward Putting slashes in A random sentence does not Make it a haiku Man, I hate Haikus That don't have five, seven, five Translates, get passes Nighttime falls on earth It is time to go to bed My tea, it went cold [boobs] I like your boobs They cute nice, the perfect size A handful of joy Existential dread Death is approaching always Twink called me Daddy The sea has no plug  sight is fogged and land astray For that is your life Her eyes could start wars Winds blow at her very whim And they say her name [whisper quietly] Or they may hear the secret Meaned only for me On a frozen lake She sits and sings to the world Melody's echo Beauty before me Beauty within you, my joy Beauty lights my day A constant stalemate Depression, the ultimate Game of lonely chess Smell of sunlight Aroma of summer's past Warmness in autumn's grasp Telling her goodnight And that her card was perfect Family hallmark Summer's almost here Birds flying north seems like it Never went away Steam rises off rice Impatient, I take a bite Ouch should've waited In another world And with another lifetime I would still love her The sea meets the shore At exactly the place where? The shore meets the sea I put on a mask Nobody seemed to notice The mask still remains [ heater on] At night Air conditioner by day Springtime is fickle Living life unseen I wish someone noticed me Just for a moment Indian Fort Trail I sit and wonder of those Who came before me? A brief connection With someone I've never met Through these simple words Loud music, hot girls Sleepless nights, regrets and lust Taste of sad endings You must want my hate Lir after lie for a month Love is forgiveness Gonesome Horizon Sun rises above the trees Birds are elated Oops, forgive me, please False in many ways I trust in God's love My feet callusing Over the concrete ablaze Barefoot, summer days On time to meeting Important person missing Let's discuss weather Dancing, pink flower Through the blinds, I broke when drunk Maybe I'll be fine Darkness falls quickly The sun sets behind mountains The air quickly cools Normal is a vex Both nothing and everything Harmonic chaos Kids on the high street Gurning into black mirrors Leaves, dance in the wind Please tell me the truth How many rolls have you bought? You know what I mean? Pink buds of springtime Promises of better days Line my drive, my heart Childhood full of hope Then the slow death of the soul The wealthy need more Don't be so sorry No need to worry so much Embrace your actions How can you trust me? I will do my best this time I failed you again First Test completed Tomorrow my cousin weds It's a long way home Too many niggers I don't have enough triggers To shoot them all with After working, I Step outside to smoke a few Cigarettes exhale Ships pass in the night On waters, dark and frigid Wakes never touching Hollywood Learning To read English subtitles Is somehow progress? Did half the dishes? Wash your half when you have time We don't have servants Show me the face of One so bold yet so afraid And ask of them how The frogs were louder Then the city was silent And we heard the wind Snowdrops bloomed, then died A late frost and they are gone One day of beauty Asphyxiation onset claustrophobia Solvestation wishes The pattering rains The lights on the tree twinkle The season of warmth Don't place your self worth On the almighty dollar Place it on yourself On a desk, a mouse manipulated by man As all of us are Here I am falling In the failure that is My dull existence Boomers, successful Children get educated No home student debt After thirty years My hands numbed and scarred over Have seen better days Winter Crescent Moon Chalice tipped by the goddess Down comes Crystal Dew Coronavirus Birds sing in squares undisturbed I am the one caged In Brazil we don't Mind the metric in Haikus As long as they're fun Unknown and disguised What purpose does he stay here? 'Sale for a friend The love I thought of The agony and despair Hope is never lost My heart beats faster While getting dressed to go out Thinking about you? Lazy little bees Venture out territories Wilderness ahead Fear, joy, love pain, you Perfect, distant beyond reach Warm, peaceful asleep Some six feet under I lay in eternal rest Death is such a bore The world is over There is nothing left out there I must go on now Let's do drugs and die This life is not worth living Let's end it slowly Waking up alone? Cigarettes smoked in silence A mourning dove coos I have twin cacti Their names are both Steve and George Thanks for being there You deserve to smile What I don't know about you It never mattered This is a haiku Sometimes they do not make sense Illuminati Use a strong rubber If you are in big trouble Whilst drawing a duck Patting a tiger It will roar loudly at you Eat dinner instead Silence broke itself Under the weight of your words The echoes still ring There's rustling outside [Churps] Signal that all is well Raccoons cross the lawn [ thick cries through thin walls The longest day of the year The window is closed Gravestones in the fog River swells softly nearby When will it arrive? Wake me in the night So I may hear thine sweet voice The song I long for We cling to summer letting autumn go to waste Memento Mori My body vibrates When I look into your eyes Pull me close to you I spent yesterday Sipping coffee and writing Terrible haiku The distant spring moon Lights the eyes of a field mouse And spreads an owl's wings My cat is angry We arn't under blankets yet Going to bed now? When washing dishes? Only be washing dishes This is mindfulness No, muff is too tough Want your pussy in my face? Dance in the bed sheets I find peace in noise Looking at the sun still see I die from the moon She's gone already It's only been four minutes And I'm missing her My penis is small I always piss on my balls Widget is a must Summer night, cold sweat Nuzzle deeper in my neck Soft, fitful dreamer Something like a dream You here listening right now? My breath calls your name Seems a tad surreal Three thousand, apparently Too good to be true I lack direction Not nearly as determined As my cement shoes Obidian heart I endure fractures, follow Hollow light seeps in Headache, cough, sneezing The human predicament Coiled in my body I just smoked a bowl My anxiety is gone Cheerfully relaxed Hands, shoot up and up Faster than a gun duel Which student to choose? I fantasize much About stupid little things Like smacking my friends We said forever Though we knew it was a lie My heart is broken Limitless as sky Without beginning or end The mind of Buddha Good morning, Momma Here's to your own special day You cooking breakfast? Born here, you belong The Earth gives us land for free So we can live free With a wagging tail You parade across the yard Treasured bone in mouth In this shameful world A fine lad and a burger Running on empty Message to my child Take your time and please have fun Message to myself Hate anger envy Ugly human emotions Not to, we will try Slighting in the sun My dog does not stress about The meaning of life Orange Fuji slopes The disgraced Samurai kneels Sword agleam with blood Everything good fades I'm anchored in this bad place I need to get out Spinnakers blended To watercolor in their Competitive heat The blue light special Making reservations to Be seated in court I reach out to you With calloused hands come with me And escape this world Fly Mutant Bird Fly! Spread your wings into the sky You look like two birds Thanks to a new house Political game of chess Trump is now in check So sweet as ever I wrote you this short letter Love you forever Unyielding fury Justifiable vengeance Unseen enemy No gods, no masters No one to tell us we're wrong Together we can Gagged, bound and exposed Paint the caves of the ancients Fifty shades of cream How man mistakes fate? For lack of choise or free will A wise man thinks twice Oversightful task Where is it that I should start? Can't I just give up? The purple flowers icy breaths of winter wind Stir the withered leaves I liked her a lot Walked her home after party Last time I saw her Midnight flowers bloom Upon the thundering sky A new year is born In their Sunday best They go to church down the street From where they will rest There is social cold In the city without lights Beer is firewood The air feels crispy There is a clean and cold breeze The trees slowly sway So I know this girl Daughter of my very best Love to nothing Walking on the moon Earth rising in full glory The home of mankind The night sky will sing Stars will dance to celebrate The return of love Firce dreams collide Hallucinatory skies Small is not kind I stood up for me I feel no guilt about it For once in my life Let the rain fall slow Wash free the day's ambition Free your busy mind Lost in space and time I focus on the flower Brought back down to Earth Spring leaves emerging Gone by seasons, forgotten Brighter days begin Poetry is art Quarantine is a science My dog is my friend A rhyme in loud space Is just the same as colors On a busy page Let your heart roam free Or you'll take it to the grave And it dies with you A journey began Now the end is in my sight Led by love and grace Been feeling alone Well, here we are together Need you here with me? Your words drip like ink Staining us permanently Faded, blurred and smudged Dry eyes close with tears Summer showers show the way Grieve bends the breaking The moon is in view Illuminating the night I can't fall asleep Light beams through the hall Dog pants hoping to answer The call of nature You can't run away Someday it will destroy you The weight of your sins Light has frequencies What determines its color? Not so black and white I hope the world ends The very moment he leaves So you die alone? My disappointment Is immeasurable and? My day is ruined I get low to write Dark thoughts churn into haikus Have to get up soon Twilight admission For the acappella in A cricket concert Feeling helpless now Tiny, fragile seeds of fall Summer brings sweet fruit I just have to know Were you ever truly mine? I don't think you were Nervous amount to naught Spirling repetition It's time to wake up Perfect are your words Continually given to me I hear and believe Lost my soprano Younger woman, look at me Closer to the grave The sun hidden there Achieved the next chapter Time to shine, my friend Words are mere shovels Dig in the rubble for graves Or for survivors Would you like me to? Remove your food from your fridge Or let it untouched Don't do it for them Do it for the kid at heart The one that won't die Deep down in the heart Of the sea of pink and white A bright blue egg cracks Oh, sorrowful day My efforts lie in shambles Deafening silence Sorry about that Your mascara still looks good Running down your cheeks Trees dance in moonlight Cold wind chilling to their roots They can't sleep either That snowy silence The still cold air feels breathless A calm, peaceful chill My grief cripples me Making it hard to live breathe Wish you were still here Mountains dress in snow Waking walks over canvas Red orange yellow Morning suns soothes me Congested interstate pains Horizons expand Teardrops of bright light So beautiful, so lifeless Never so alone Will you stay the night? His eyes dropped as his heart sunk Not tonight, my love Today I went out Out in my car to the bank Breathing easier I tried on my mask My mother sewed it herself Once curtain fabric You won't change others If you engage in debate With only yourself Reach a higher plane Nobody understands how What is consciousness? The weight lifter bridge Is raising his trestle while? Boats puff underneath So close yet so far Are you my husband or friend? I wish you'd touch me Your little hurdles Are so easily traversed How high I would jump? 'Sale on Friday wasting my time on Reddit I am so lonely If heaven exists I hope I have done enough To thank my mother An eagle flies free It's waiting for the thunder Ride the sky, old friend Weeping willow trees Caressing the dark water Silence fills the air Fall is bittersweet I wish Summer would repeat Seasonal defeat With uncertainty Each wave approaches the shore Then crashes with pride Shut up and do it Linus, you corporateshill Give me your techtip Toxic memories Binding chains shroud happiness Must break through somehow You smell terrible Beautiful colors of hair Array of fungus In my dream, she says Where have you been all my life? Been waiting for you You called we chatted Life intersected today Tomorrow, perhaps You said no flowers So here is a bonsai tree It still has flowers One man's broken speech Echoes cut through valleys deep The wind is alive Is it cathartic? To unleash it all sometimes I ask the Storm Cloud A fun band of eight Trust issues and deception Among us wih friends Log onto reddit Go to Haiku, subreddit Shitposting loudly Trump and Kim Jong un Chillin out with Vladimir Sexual tension Today I was axed Suching refuge in the sounds? Dragonflies hover Screeching, Creedo Born from the void of stillness Gone without a trace The accusations A black cloud I cannot shake Dance me to the death Go get what you want Flowers don't waste their colors Trying to decide Why must my hair grow? Only in the places that I do not want it Artifacts you seek Hidden in ancestral lands Callused hands, dig deep Power with patience I seek stillness mindfully My breath creates space All the pretty girls Flaunt their glitter wedding rings Magpies squawk at beads Privacy betrayed Senators demand answers He pretends to care I dislike Covid In partnership, we are not It should be novid All of the promise The hope of new beginnings slipped through my fingers The Saturday Mass For Sunday adoration Spended in shopping malls I don't want a kid Capacity equal To polar morals Yearning for the clouds Broken wings will heal in time Pretty little bird Try to take a shit It is like writing sometimes Constipated, push Turn back the minute A moment of jubilance A sky full of dreams Far out on a limb For an apple of the eye Recalling past falls? The clock strikes seven Time to start the grind once more What retirement? Winter's cold has passed Nature gives back what she took Death resurrected Surreptitiously The conspiring grey cat turns Afar, it's frail prey Brave ant emerges Morning dew drops onto head Danger back inside Beautiful dentist French accent as sweet as pie Heavenly torture I kept the flowers Inside my books while your words Bloom inside my heart We are sandcastles Eroding away with time Designed for the sea I woke up early But there were no more pop tarts I hate you so much A glimpse through the trees Shattering my heart like glass Moonlight memory I needed her hug To feel her warmth and heartbeat No love like her love Cold winter ahead A hot spring in the distance Warm snow, monkey bath It's lovely outside The people flock together I am so alone Do you have Covid? Or does your shit just not stink? It is hard to smell The Circle of Life Looking for a midday snack? Hawks Circle on High Nobody's perfect Except Jesus and they beat The crap out of him Words left unspoken Feelings that we used to share Dying memories Worldly distractions Draw my gaze, waste my stepssigh Backtrack and resume Curly haired youngster Impish smile that hides your pain Why did you do it? What is a notebook? But a ream of wispy thoughts Yet to be transcribed Read the same story In the local newspaper Twice so far this week Fear of commitment Always searching for better End up alone gnawing on my toes A hungry little shadow Whose teeth can't break skin? As I hear them cry I wish to hold and soothe them This coffin stops me The sky is so clear Baby blue, clean air, white clouds The Earth is cleansing Brilliant, clear blue days Daffodil and Dogwood Bloom When I was a child Your smile for me, thanks Eyes metwords of love exchanged Friends on a journey Something is changing And it might be the seasons Or it might be me Push and pull nothing A goalless cause of the cause Drips, dismal results The birch tree glistens Dome of blue sky up above Wonderful sunrise Leaves that were once green Slowly fade into orange Cold wind chills the air Cursing powerpoint Sunday: Perfect spring weather It's due tomorrow Feelings are mounting Explosion of lead to red Thinking am I dead? New bedtime routine Meditation before sleep Such compelling dreams Haiku, I like you Careful with my words, I am You're perfect for me A cautious bluejay Lands on crispy winter leaves And a few crackers Last two tomatoes Hanging under winter frost? Their red hue is gone Picking up my pen A new story in my head Time to try again How did I forget? To pray each day for you, friend Today I begin I have to learn how To get up from a table Where love is not served? Sometimes I think that There is no God or at least The one I pray to Help freely given Blessed to receive such good gifts Angels beside me I learn to love things Some people say it's fake love I learned to love it Best friend sent me back Turns out I'm best friend's father The timeline's confused Spaghetti Westerns The classic cowboy movies A guilty pleasure Handwriting practice Pendle itches the paper Until satisfied By the river bank The light of the Dawn Heralds The cricket's last song The fog drifts around Swollen and leaking all day June is drunk again Too late for flowers Water inundates the land The stream's last Hurrah I love the version Of the world that's in my head So I stay in bed Still cool on dark lake The flash of a kingfisher The moment is gone Wind, chimes and birdsong Music to the Lei weaver In the pink orchard Sea breeze is calming It brings back the memories That are beautiful The stars have aligned The great heroes have returned They are twilight force Carefully raised heads Peaking above the white shroud So many flowers A crumb of food falls Ants swarm on the site quickly Always on the watch You are my luna I am the wolf still howling The thistle wilted So many haiku? Apparently, no two the same Each like a snowflake Oh, anxiety If I fall in love with you Will you go away? Plant an idea Stirred nest of bees ready to Wage a holy war The owl soars silent It takes a hold of its prey Victory is sweet I'm scared of people I hide from them in my room Why am I scared though? My mirror image Two heart beats bound to one soul Maybe next lifetime In my warm flannels Hot cocoa and some Netflix Just me and my cat I do not like you I sew the seeds of self doubt I hope you withdraw I have determined To live in the arena So I will die there Audience of one Who dares to match your glory? Let your kingdom come Bayonet beaks are Protecting progeny in Wing to wing combat Three weeks or a year Finite time matters little Chase eternity A hoodied figure Some people like to judge me Yet I write poems Feeling all alone Leave me sitting in corners Yet stones are skipping The stress is too strong Will to overcome is weak I can't live like this Enforced confinement Stay within the boundaries My life and haikus Winter sun shines bright Eyelids close wanting darkness Morning comes too soon Suddenly awake The metronome clock ticking Dream or memory? Jojo fights Dio Dio, immortal vampire Jojo has Hamon Losing my marbles Is she a chair or toothbrush? Need moar videos? My plans, your plans,choose I choose to follow you, Lord Always the best choice Darkness approaches Something wicked this way comes Run away and hide Once perfect petals Beautiful dandelion Scatters in the wind River in the calm Streaming motes of life pass by The river of life Haiku on the web Will travel great distances I share this with you Working out my brain Sudoku word games, Tetris I will not give up I miss holding you I miss rocking you to sleep Safe, warm in my arms Falling through darkness Rescue never came for me I'm cold and alone Secrets, rattle doors Scratch at walls, whisper small words Too dark for hearing The soul has left us Find it in a moonlit sun An empty, bright void All of this paper And nothing to write about Damn you, writer's block Northeast and northwest Never shall they meet, they said We defied the rules Walking in the fog Steps ahead the dog dissolves The red leash remains Good morning, my love I can't believe you're not here Good mourning indeed Giant Teddy Bear What do I do with you now? No place to put you Seven hundred legs Scuttling through my kitchen The house centipede Rest easy, my friend Memories fade like spring, but You, I will carry You pour them some tea But they decide if it's half Full or half empty Deep a game of chance Love a risky game to play I can't break even Ferve orange sunset See your face in the skyline I loathed that spray tan On election Eve No friendship seems strong enough To bridge the divide Darting through the woods Baby's learning with their mom Footprints in the snow The end of the day In the tall grass of the field The outline of Deer Marching to fight guns Bravery and courage, but You should be running I like dogs and cats And videos of life hacks Would put up with you Cold again today Pale grey clouds, no end in sight Spring seems far away Everyone in black Searching for the true colors They should look inside Gleaming Edge stands tall Last defense against them all Brilliance blinds their gall Their engines cut back And we're guided tenderly tugging into port 'Incredible warm lips' Soft, supple skin glistening In the faint moonlight I fell down the stairs It seems I fell for you too Both hurt just as bad The power of skin Battleground of the wealthy What color am I? Hepatica blooms Splash of pink among dead leaves Hope Ephemeral I'm dripping with sweat A big log falls from my crack Soon I smell the stank Leaves fluttering by The colors mixing in air Fall is upon us Potential for good Capacity for evil Man, mediates both Spiders eat the bugs And stray cats eat the spiders Let'em have my yard Dozing fat, black cat Warms his belly in the sun I sigh with envy Does life have a point? Thoughts of a twisted headspace Man, I want some food Smoke curls in the flue Gold lights flicker on the hearth As the window yawns All my female friends Beautiful inside and out In love with them all I ate a hotdog But it was really a pig Nobody cares though Daylight won't deter Crashy cars on roadways with A headless driver Lone surfer bobbing Up and down and up and down Rolling with the waves Counting my blessings Pause misery, despair Ungrateful graces Resistent warning Many months to deter this A meltdown occurs Dry eyes in the night Inspiration locked away My dreams are waiting A dream about you Evocates emotion no more Means nothing to me Busy Saturday Washer's laundry, cooking,chores Anyone can help Joy of family Celebrating friends then and now Lord, you have blessed us No children at school The streets are empty of life Walk my dog alone Today I just can't Ideas don't come to me I create nothing Twilight admission For the acappella at A cricket concert My cat once told me Life is immediacy And then reflection Trouts from loneliness Make a lovely substitute For tears from abuse Don't depend on me I am not reliable Can't fulfill your needs Never sleep around Always sleep in your own bed Camping is not fun Rebuilding again Rock bottom as foundation Brick by brick, new hope Journeying forward A single step at a time In time, the results The narrative fades Words are long since forgotten Yet the pain remains For your protection The identity police Are already here? The world is quiet Mountains are heavy with mist The mourning dove sings Terra Australis In the depths of winters chill My heater's broken My mare keeps me up She trots across tired eyes My gentle night mare Cheesy, is your love? Like a curddled brick of gold Softening with heat There lay a red stone In the heart of a dark cave Was it indeed red? Heart darkened, I go Your new headset drowns me out You don't talk to me Sitting here alone In a hotel made for two What are you thinking? Cold evenings, chilly Hot heat, truly a blessing Thank goodness What a perfect time Filled for me with love and joy Lord, I trust in you A toilet flushing A galaxy is spinning Vail is filled anew Who could have known that? The muse he was looking for Was him all along? She says she loves me But she's always so busy Maybe I love her The harvest moon shines Let's go plant some potatoes And find me a wife Hat's off to the guy That invented the toilet This flush is for you Are you good at it? Can you repeat those results? That's efficacy Rolling over once More, I hit the snooze button Five more minutes, please Beauty came to me And climbed to my lap only Asking to be seen In this blooming word Bindless love is free to all Here we share this peace There's a road I know That goes, gas brake turn repeat Tail of the dragon It's storming outside But it's within that I freeze No wood to burn here Like an ox, she wills Her way under immense load Fighting tooth and nail All day long, I grind Indebted to a raccoon Give me golden tools Creativity Oversimplification Opportunity It's when the gods fall Men went up as replacements Time for men to fall I hold leaves and grass Soft, dewy and freshly cut Does it feel like life? Anonymous name? Alternative identity Perhaps the real me Honey, no, I don't This is only for tonight Gone before morning Baby's cannot swim But we still put them in pools For magazine ads Thinking on the past Do not dwell on your mistakes There is only now A smirk in the dark Cheap dress peeled off in silence Peapers fall apart Breaking my promise I steal one last look and smile I won't say goodbye I struggle with the Fact that I require to Be alone and not Behind ivy doors A mantis blushing green had Pivoted her face Murky blue waters The Mermaids sing out their songs Relieve men to their death Silent reflections Spring's chill in the ancient church Please fix the heating Racism exists Because we ignore the fact We are the same race Mum was so caring Nothing will be fine again Why aren't my clothes clean? Here I sit alone Gazing off into the sky Clouds of smoke rising Choking and coughing Signs that you are still breathing Cleaning out the phlegm A shamanic dance Incertitude is certain What absurdity? I said I had warts She said it's okay it's like Roughrider condoms An old rusty sink Gentle touch on faucet tip Droplets running free It is them or they Vague, but not without purpose Peace their medium You are my fortress Without you, I am homeless Surrounded by storms Dancing mad, fractal Defined Comfort, Illusions Simple protocol Dark clouds in my mind Suching shelter from the storm? That shall never break Clever autumn air Toasty, warm bed and trackies Restoring for work I scream with such glee For I can see in this void If only six feet I look up at night He is the bright Northern star Calling my heart home Sometimes a feeling Never wants to go away Though you may hate it Oaks and pines and night Your window shines as I walk With snow in my beard A short love story We never said I love you Now we never will Frozen white spider Inside of my drinking jar Moonstone eyes pierce me Dreams of you fill me We loved lived through ups and downs Huges are what I need A wonderful day I could do with more of these A joint and my dog Dust returns to dust The revolving door of time Life returns to life Unable to sleep Who is haunting me this night? I hope they find peace 'Becoming myself Looking for those who like me I have found myself Now look what's happened The worst possible outcome I apologise A cheek turned bright red Guilt turns the bright soul azure apologetic To dream is to not Give up to persevere when You're all out of luck It's easy, you say Makes me feel stupid, cause it's Not easy for me You have conquered all Which others have done to you? Don't lose to yourself I am way too drunk How does this work anyway? I like beer and stuff Dark, empty kitchen Steal some snacks then back to bed No one has to know Lost inspiration The calm spring wind suffocates No matter the times Too many wedgies Struck through in middle school Hence the attitude One slice of brioche Bacon lettuce, tomato Brioche slice again Call her beautiful Sit back, let her do her thing You won't be let down You bang on my door There are no squares in nature No life in a box Do not fool yourself What may seem like a dark sky? Is a passing cloud? Big thud imminent Brace for impact, idiot Far from a class act Now I live alone Longering habitual gloom Harr, dryer buzzes Leasons to be learned Poetic patterns gained ground Perspective altered Secret messages Sweet, nothing's while you slumber I delete them all February Moon Silent snow crystals howling Ravinenous wolves call For some damn reason Whenever it comes to you My heart's left open Being given gold Who do I give silver to? So many questions? Autumn's leaf is still It does not rush from the tree The wind will guide it When no one believes In you there will be your mom Still supporting you? Limitless ceiling Sky and stars fly by and stare At the Earth below True disappointment It's never what it should be What a life I live As death is looming The fallen become heroes Lost in history Leasons from the sun Cast your light as wide as earth Always rise again Two broken people Counting down the days gone by Forever, it seems I am curious Yellow, blue, socialism Politics or porn You are not a rose You are the thorns beside it Constant pricks and pain Dinning my fingers Plumcking ice cubes from water Hand across my brow A weekly shower Cologne to hide his foul stank But he's on day nine Misery detached Move from point A to point B A humble learning A lingering hug One so tight the world makes sense I need one today Hair exudes amber Slowly encouraging him To love pain she brings Prayer for your healing Confidence of God's answer Perfect is his love Which do you want more? The pain of staying the same Or the pain of growth Infidelity Nights when you say I love you All lies and deceit Downvotes 'o plenty If your haiku has curse words Those are the best ones [Threes] Roll down my face I will never understand Is there more to life? Freedom is a whole Can't be picked and chosen Remove one, take all Poppies are blooming Peapers cradled by the stream Silent confession Always listening Keep the focus off of you And how are you fuck? A conversation We had between the daisies What do the stars mean? The blue spruce fiat Invited a little bird To nest in her bough Love is hard as hell Love is an anomaly Love is wonderful There is hollowness An empty space, the dark void Stormy loneliness Your love is water My heart awaits underground To bloom toward you Write live eulogies For the ones you love the most And tell them your heart You made all the sounds And I painted their colours I chose the wrong shades Clouds part revealing A single ray of sunshine Right into my eye She critics herself Harrly and without reason To me, she's perfect A new source of light Gives me new environments To admire you in Pandemic wedding Thirty people in a tent Forgetting it all The bright sun sets far Further than the stars and skies Even birds can't spy Enough sky, the tree Outside my window fell down I miss you, my friend Ha ha ha ha ha That's the way the joker laughs So, Batman beware Sticked in the starship Slimed eyes, teeth wildly clacking The plagued have found us I shaved my beard off Now I've lost a part of me And I'm still ugly Did I serve you well? With God all is possible Prayer with me today Spentious milky blooms Swift sojourn of my heartbeats Wrackage amply trimmed Zoning out in class My brain cannot stay focused I will fail my test What is the point of? Fighting with the older folks They're likely senile A gentle wind blown Across a rolling ocean The cloud breaks sunlight Their Saturday bath Had left a ring of dirt and Some floating feathers Need help with writing English speaker cannot count Syllable numbers My heart cries for you And you and that and silence Bereft and adrift We were no more blind To the depth of that darkness Darkness, uttermost Kniel to your maker He is the almighty one Do not beg or plead Kibble to nibble Dry, hard shapes of fish and cheese More meow mix, please Ross and Billowy You take me to ecstasy Oh, my labia Leaning on a log A manifest cannot lie An unwelcome cut Life moves with no pause Like the flow of the river I just keep swimming My research has shown That cookies are the best food It's not even close Saw a wren today Just a momentary glimpse Cute little loud bird A man paints his nails The fear of men's judgment ends With a friend's support Early at morning My alarm calls me to work Should I quit or go? Zooming in the car Too much damn noise in the house Dog keeps on barking I once had a friend He was imaginary Disappointed, right? Most guys who dislike The way fake breast implants feel Have never felt them Do the footprints show? Only where I am going Or where I have been When we were still young Before the net ensnared us Days were long and free I wake in the night Stretch, roll over, reach out and Hug your cold pillow Last light of the day The sky so full of colours Peacefulness inside Quick, call the police The peasants are revolting And not just the smell Sing to me, my sweet Dress your infidelity Such beautiful lies Morning light washed field Young, viridian dew glows Appaloosa Wild Complete confidence Power so overwhelming Take on anything You are my whole world Shining star that guides me home Across the vacuum Let's cross the whole world In parallel lines like the Shadows that, abstain Clouds, rain and sun shines Rain means sorrow, sun means joy Today, joyful rain A brush of my face Rays cast by the clear blue sky Cool air fills my lungs My date stood me up I should be mad, but I'm not I don't even care You pull me back in Now these confused emotions Will be my death march Two drunks get hammered They lead each other to doom Can either be blamed My lonely shadow Spreads his body on the walls And the room combusts I do not know what Is shaking my soul the most? To miss you, miss out Please don't ban me no I have done no wrong, you know Nigger, nigger, nig As I lay awake Fingers taping syllables A haiku is born My balls are bulging Swollen up with sticky cum Size of a balloon Five neighbors gather Bindly in a fleshy ball A swing and a punch The city bankers Watch as the tattered beggar Points at them and laughs You don't need to speak I know how to read by now Twinkles in blue eyes Why is there no spark? When I have all the matches They must be burnt out Schwartzar for dinner Chips, chicken and a fanta I hate my dull job In this marathon There were no shoes, only sheets Rest is needed now People want to talk Issues: Topics are you foe? Family or friend Dundeons and dragons Reality fades away My friends and I play Bounce encouragement Satan in the waiting room Weep in the stretcher So many options? An easy way out for sure Just hard to fit through Just outside of town On a dark and lonely road Lost and found of life I am the reaper Without me, the world would rot Still, they want me gone The Bulrush curtsy In the wake of the lagoon While the houses sleep My first recession Retail stores furlough thousands Glad I own no stock Sea and salt and stone Caress me raw and screaming Loving me to death Growing starvation A willy in the White House Enjoying the game Cutting and frying (Cannions based) meat melodies While the veggies soar Hi there, Philip Glass Please, can you play the same thing? Again and again Her garden flourished In the flowering plate, ware Dug up from yard sales Sometimes some things rhyme Other times, they just don't try This is one such time Moralless orange Souring things all around Can we just squeeze him? Lips turn up, forced smile What other choice did I have? I am fine, thank you I speak to the stars About my deepest secrets When will they speak back? Do not give new names To historic and sacred Pilgrim, remember? You wake up alone Go throughout your day alone Fall asleep alone We met in the spring Fall in love in the summer And died in winter Halloween retreats Christmas on the horizon But first thanksgiving Cold winter fingers Wrapped in a down comforter Sleep creeps through the house Spring games with the moon Playing hide and seek all night I've never won once A song of sorrow Yet promises a great truth Twenty one pilots Spirits of my past Ink'd across my page of life A tattoo of guilt Pet insecticide Cat chases roach round the room That bug met his doom The weekend is here Now is the time to relax Oh, wait, it's Monday From out of the woods A young dog seeks his master Are we not both lost? Dashing through the snow Ho ho ho ho, he yells aloud Fat drunk, homeless man A mother struggles In silence, she pleas for help But silence she finds Eating taco bell I will punish my toilet No regrets today Up the interstate A plunge to make your skin blue Home before midnight Slowly at first glance Then suddenly all at once Like the sunrise, love The first amendment Does not apply to hate speech? Unless you hate trump Snow goes wherever The wind says wind says to go North, the snow goes south Crazy in this cell Should I be scared of my voice? Or just the echo We both saw the spark A chance to make light for us But the darkness stayed Over indulgence Wincing at patchy flashbacks Fuck, I do that for The sad truth of life All that is good is fleeting We are slaves to time I miss you so much It's so hard without you here Papa, please come back Visiting this place Memories are tangible I still see your face Tears form in my eyes You touch all the right places While I beg, please don't Sunshine on my face Words and chords in melody A rare breath of life Celebrate the day Of a Roman's beheading By sending candy Leapeds learned again Wisdom to grow more, more, more An ultimate form One chance to explain And the monster you run from? Will quickly be slain My life of service In my bucket, love of you Hearing to God each day I see your eyes shine Does your mouth smile wide for me? O to laugh with you Mistakes:Don't look back Learn from them, change, grow and love How can I serve you? Some say love is true Some say love is all you need I just want a glimpse Two big empty hearts A good day to stay in bed A room filled with us The roots of tall trees Rise up from the earthen floor Reclaiming their home The autumn wind blows Her face, numb and heart broken He never showed up Face in your pillow It once meant something to you Now it's just for rent I came to know you But only biblically Not how it matters Shut up, Mama, Gump It's more like TV channels Not chocolate boxes The cold wind blows hard Against a weak little plant Uprooting it all Let the vengeful sky Loose silver arrows of rain On my umbrella Cold covered in snow My heart slows for a moment Until I see you Don't worry, you'll say That is how it always ends Like I know it will Tattered plastic bag Ribboned across barbed wire Anger carves up skin A botched waste of time Days sink like stones in water Muted clock hands wane Another whiskey Darkness, calm, cool, soothing grip Never waking up Thousand miles apart Two souls searched for a meaning They found each other The groundhog had not Seem his mischievous shadow Why is it snowing? Often we have loved Ever bound body spirit? Journey United The light flickers low There is no night for these dreams Or bed to sleep in A god shakes his head A child cries for his mother Still just as empty The blackbird calls out His soft song, gentle and sad He is calling her Watercolour lights Illume the sleeping city As whippoorwills mourn To kindergarten I googled the difference Between duck and goose I love you so much That I would enjoy burning Just to be your light Someone called the cops So they all got off the bus Wonder what they did Me myself and I What the fuck do I do now? Get a second job I am just a leaf And history, a river Carry me a while Black hood on my head Broken rules and soft crying Death of the Haiku Talkin''bout big Mike Patrick Ewing in a dress Michelle Obama We can only hope That a dark reddit ui Will brighten the mood The shy pink blossom Her colours show what could be Lighthouse of beauty Imminent failure The world is spiraling down The same way I am Factors, truths and wisdom Soundbites, headlines and boredom Where is my compass? I can't handle this Take all of my broken tears My heart can't take this Tremble at your touch This unbearable feeling Ecstatic release Past is history Present is what we make of Unwritten future Brown curls wild and free He roars under the hot sun King of the playground I'm writing again After eight long years of doubt Caused by a teacher Murmur of the Brook [Whispers Out] The sounds of highways Once your feet get wet Two amputations No insurance, it cost me An arm and a leg Ungrateful spirits Rebel freely to their end My Lord, please break me She meets him at night And he hikes up her plaid skirt Fireflies dance til dawn Hello, Mister Cloud Perhaps you are a missus Please lend us some help At the wishing well Yesterday you were crying And today you smile Even the soft breeze Brings invisible peril When will we be safe? Dark and oppressive Thunder echoing away Lightning, clouds, no rain Strange green oozing puss Boy, this haiku is sure gross Good thing, it's so short I took out the trash And left the confines of home An exciting day A slice and a cut A terrible self hatred Washed away with tears Wake with a numb arm Feel as the blood flows back in Know that you're alive I guess I like you You can do wierd things to me I guess I don't care Suicidal thoughts Worry it all out with vodka [Wheel rinse] Repeat What is now to do? No more sorrow to end it Fleeting pain, I am Her eyes warm, deep pools I'm fearing I'll drown in them A death worth dying Eyeing his stomach I anticipated breaths But they never came You say those sad words? Now we are strangers again I steal a last kiss Awaken before dawn I hear the city rising The new day begins One thing is for sure Epstein did not kill himself We have been lied to Wandering again In a world full of puppets Who pulls on my strings? The voice of your soul Speaks loudest when listening No pressure, just love Start transmission Houston, we have a problem We are not alone Please be prolific Trudge through bitter fog and noise Find resilience Outgrown legacy When a rock star becomes gray Much love for the dead Blogging a birdie Badminton for the Kitty Serve up the feathers Don't give Reddit Inc Money for what someone said Give it me instead You're not up nor down A backwards fucking magnet You repel it all Marilyn Monroe And John Lennon too, you know? We're taken by foe These words I plucked straight From the Indian Summer Stirling in my breast Cats and dogs are cool But so are spiders and snakes Don't discriminate Your lips are roses Kisses that leave me bleeding With thorns in my teeth No resting tonight Melancholy, my face Why are things this way? Darkness beckons me Where is the light, life and love? Darkness becomes me Short skirt and high heels A night full of adventure Mom's clothes fit him well Whim carries the child Weather rules the planted field Both open to chance Sundance follows rain Green leaves sparkle with the drops A tiny bonsai My sin was so foul My soul dropped straight into hell Now my shell wanders A face in a crowd Big brother's eyes always see 'Cuffed at a concert Hunger comes in waves Lucidity builds quickly Fasting brings me here Blue Jay's playing chase In the skeletal tree tops Leaden Sky says snow Snow ribbons dancing Across frigid parking lot Beauty of winter Telling watchful eyes Affluence of consciousness 'Always, I laugh deep Apple sausage trees Walk with toffee flavored roots After wakeful dreams A new day begins The mental prison opens Finally broke free Is it true, Michael? Just this once, Kay, just this once Michael, is it true? Now words have failed me I let you look on my face For it says it all Slicing the coastline Scavenging sand castles and Swiping them away Baby wants to read She throws book in Daddy's lap Whoosh book flies unread? A mullbery bush Recently, ripe berries tease An ant fights for lunch Like watching waves crash Not one grain of sand complains Dense blank, thuds echo Fat striped spiders hang Deep in the dew, spotted wood Where we pick berries? Karen took the kids How could she do this to me? She cheated on me Poetry is real The only comfort I know If it just made cash White Elephant Gift She did not appreciate The free human teeth I want to know you Your eyes must be like mine too Climb the fence we made Created for you Love extended in a gift United in prayer I flex my ego Pride gives way to misery And my dreams are gone Waiting and hoping Axing to share love with you Your will, Lord, not mine If I had my way Things would be better for me Look out for yourself I wrote a whole book Of Haiku over three years There's a link inside Foot full of hot pain Bright, colorful punishments Lego's on the floor Godzilla verse, kong A wondrous thing to behold Pass me the popcorn Undercover white layers Pain and bliss do not exist Life buried by snow Once in a blue moon We witness an orange moon Which cheese is better? After many years It's your turn to cross the stage Graduation Day Wish I could one day Stop dreaming of an old love Just want to start new Tears fill heart and soul Prayer to change sorrow to joy Nowhere I am, Lord Bright autumn colors Outshine an overcast day Rain begins to fall To love family Years of yelling and crying Now peace is my love The nights are so short Moonlight is melting fleeting Are the summer dreams? Past December Pines One small rock starts a ripple Leaving friends behind? Today it was green Soon it will all be yellow Welcome to the fall This subreddit's rules A discussion must be had Evolve or conserve Strong and savory Any adventure will do My lovely nutmeg It would keep you safe I thought that when I bought it Your death is my fault Love is in the air Yet I still can't breathe it in Why am I broken? I can still hear you [Laughing at those billy goats] On your final day Silence forever The moon lights up the night sky I am not alone Passing out drunk here Reinvigorate my cock Show me your buttocks Lying on her side Book in hand, she scans the page Then turns facing me Everyone lived there Sustained in a sunbeam On a mote of dust As my heart now sinks My chest is filled with fire Ready to explode Grace received seeds sown Prayerful, they will germinate Your will be done, Lord I'm counting the days Washing until my hands sting Fighting off despair A quiet passing Rips form on either side The dip of paddles Overclocked primates Money hungry, greed junkies Tring Earth apart Fully all in I give it all up to you Just the way I love Watching, Wondering Seeing nice looking morsels Taste good as they look In each other's arms You spoke of time, I lay there Counting syllables Gutting a gourd and [ scooping] Slime for stenciling Spooky silhouettes Hard winds crack the bark Leaves tear from broken branches The roots grow stronger A time to listen Hear of love given received My God, how awesome! You light up my nights Like glow in the dark stickers On bedroom ceilings I am pained by you You are too selfish to know How do I portray? A bare brow shivers What will she do to me next? She writes, Oh, hell, yeah It's life, play the game Without you, it's not the same One o'clock, it's me Careful, Icarus Took the plunge just like always Cold arms of the she An Irish poet Full of piss and vinegar Empties a guinness Underwater, still water Pretty conceals truth A dragon slumbers Some folk sing loudly For we dream before we live So others hush them It's so nice outside Why's that guy yelling numbers? Golf ball to the head Like an abattoir The city spills its entrails Past the docks to sea Customer service The jester to a king who? [licks spit] From his bowl Branded on my mind Memories stay forever Both bitter and sweet Sitting by the pond Praying meditation? A duck bit my butt Let the light in, please Warm, growth fruit awaitdecide Constant is my love In the thick of it Motivation is fleeting Sing the finals, Blues I fold the laundry So my future self will smile For a better day [Melanophobic] Hong Kong cops point their guns at Whoever wears black? I wish for death now Leave me, I cannot go on One slice too many Transmission is out Why can't I afford something? That's not a chevy First line goes right here Then put the second line here Followed by the third [ clocks of swaying wheat ] Besides the falling mountain Please, bury me there Your words disheartened Seek my friend and you will find Can I hold your hand? An emergency It's just another day when I don't get my way I lie deathly still The world around me moves on Fast and relentless Most haiku are lame But not this one, my dear friend Definitely not his one Shivers down my spine The reaper's breath on my neck Yet I embrace him I like to write rap Marathon of words running Some syllable laps Some wounds never heal A simple picture opens Pain and misery Eyes pulsing with pain Clocking pressure on my brain Please stop this, MiGrain Too hot with no fan Too hot, even with the fan Help, please send more fans 'Always abandoned I know how it feels to have No more tears to cry Crimson leaves dangle On the cusp of destiny Ultimately free A drip in a pan Where thick smoke bellows above? Missing water help? By your leave a song No poems, just a haiku And things never shared Documents to file The cat crosses the keyboard I can work later Pure white bed of snow Ununtouched, peaceful unafraid Eternal sleep calls Fools know many things The wise know, but sweet nothing Open eyes, truth seen Oh, pink cherry tree Brightly blooming in the fall Thank you, I love you Cold, white, playful snow It'll be gone tomorrow And life will move on Sun baked summer stroll To the Secret Lakeside Cove Cool, wind up her skirt I feel like a meal For mosquito and deer fly Oar blades, pull from shore Heavy laden eyes Wandering concentration Slipping into sleep Current obsession Lone light in dark void that's life Modern bathsheba Gentle scent of rose Ephemeral on my skin A portal to past Jpeg images Are stuck atlow quality Just use png Red, yellow and gold A carpet of fallen leaves Covers the path home Closing of the gates Ignorance pervades the land Where silence is King? Your once tiny feet Now bring you into the world Take your time, my son I lay down to sleep An emptiness beside me My heart longs for him Even all the things That I wish I could forget Have made my life mine A failure of health And of mind, body and soul Lay in death's embrace The storms always pass How we weather them matters I know my own strengths They fix holy brush We speak an attention tap I tap gray matter The mind of Buddha Without beginning or end The limitless sky Your soul is divine Eyes with a siren's strong tide Pull me back again Funny how things work I'm ready to start my life And it's time to die It was not easy I knew my limitations But I continued When shall I find time? For things I already have Are waiting for me? Two alchoholics Get drunk and roll off a cliff Which one is to blame? Haiku contractions What would I do without them? Feels like I'm cheating She's getting closer I can taste it in her smile Remain close, wait still Pain that penetrates Dispersed by love and service Racing to the goal Explain the good gift Search out and tell the good ways One day, a language The symbol long gone My finger still bears the mark Where I wore your lie? A mother rests here In a valley down below A child is playing Songs sans instruments The writing process anew Saves my aging hands Nature is most green When it rains down heavily Drought gives us life Smell of sunlight Aroma of summer's past Warm in autumn's grasp Mouth dry and heart quick Not one cohesive thought sticks But, oh, how they move Koi Pond in sunlight Silences of swimming fish Lower dimensions Feeling good today Opens social media An instant buzzkill Shades on velvet suit Can't you see I'm leisuring? Loudly sipping wine Hope springs eternal Yet the sun made a shadow Last I have tide pods Disillusionment Sleep under a fleeting dream Death of broken hope Morning light washed field Wet, Viridian dew glows Appaloosa Wild Your pain shapes my tears Join me on this pilgrimage Do not be afraid The blue ink flowing In your deserted soul Forging short poems I'm touching myself Right here right now on this bus No need to thank me I am an orphan Always unloved, always sad I killed my parents Hard times, lie ahead Hopes and dreams crumbled to dust Leaving deep despair Together with Grace Sharing and learning of love Thanking God for us On my walk today I saw a squirrel chasing A leaf down the road But am I a tease? Unkept promises minds change I do what I want Stay inside, I said He saw me bleeding to death He would not listen Calm and collected Meditation soothes the soul In uncertain times On the pure white snow I remember two Fox tracks Dropped from the heavens Their engines cut back And we're shunted tenderly tugging into port Longing death's embrace Afraid to leave life behind Shadows in my mind Your coldness burns me You stab me with icicles Then you walk away Where do I fit here? This world is fast and diverse I can't disappoint Step ahead to you So swift the days are passing Soon so very soon Are ya ready kids? I sit and watch from the floor I've seen this before Flying at great speed She skims the ocean's surface Mighty Athena Be still, please be still Heart and thoughts, cacophony I am a lit fuse Small shelters us Good time for some spring cleaning Country on fire Doubt is like a friend Spending time with me daily Only it's not one Prisoner to thought And behind this microphone Lise's a great power I feel much better Tones could tell you everything Listen carefully The wind blows today In a place, I want to stay Very faraway I felt I was free Until your long lost letter Wretched chains in my chest Tingles all over Quivering and shivering I feel happy now Birds chirping outside Wake up to late breakfast smell Another Sunday Make children wear green Give them rifles, call them men Call it Deterrence Master of the brush Your ink ran dry, spread too thin What have you painted? Puds are vaporized Obvious to their blight Refresh, refresh re These fronts, the faces We all concoct none can fool Great hyottoko A house full of cooks Once more, I do the dishes Inconsiderate Small trickling droplets Taping against the window Eager to touch skin Twisting and turning And your feelings are burning You're breaking the girl She is beautiful I think that I am in love She is amazing Broken pool vacuum Makes scary, loud sounds sometimes I am panicking To feel all my pain Many tears fall from my face My chest breaks like ice Darkness surrounds us We all head towards the night Time always passing Oh, my mistake, sigh Leith learned: Remind me love Before I stumble When inspiration? reveals itself in my soul You have crossed my mind Went to the doctor I'm a yurt I'm a lean to Relax, you're too tense Repeat of seasons A spirit contained in two Like father, like son A din of thunder Echoes behind a mountain The smell of cold rain Drinking alcohol? Makes me feel like I could fly But now I feel dead You express such joy Slightly, you ignite my love Trouts flow within me Howdy, I'm new here Hope I am doing this right Doing haikus rocks? Heartbeats are sand grains In the hourglass of life It's not limitless Invited to dance Her warmth fills me, I confess He wasn't just a friend Wish I could be there I stay home, so you'll be safe Happy Mother's Day I love you, I yell From the cliff to the canyon I love you, it yells Not this road again Fouder longer, darker why? Skunks have passed this way What is life to you? Is it just a game to play? If only I knew We mourn yet again Futile debate rages on More dead in the pile Laguna, beach days Pure aquamarine waters Malicious sunsets Following the rules Easy choice for most people It seems hard for you A bleeding hole here Pain is my life now, I guess Softly, I bleed out One more restless night Hush my vivid memories Please, I am safe now The Eagles won't fly It's very windy today My nose is running Good news, I have heard Good news ignites my belief Good news, Hosanna Solomon's envy Or gilded age of reason A field of lilies Americano As hot as in mid summer Whilst in the sea Don't mess with someone's Feelings because you're unsure How you really feel? Two bodies, one bed Sticked in a room while it snows Intoxicated Play Neerf and Legos Arguate to get him to eat I am being Dad I walk in the dark Not knowing why, where and how? No fear in my heart Sullen, Turkid dusk I am but a silhouette Against fading skies The Earth gets softer And the water levels rise Life cries out with joy Christmas of the past Joyous, bright and wonderful I can't see it now Do you accept pics? I took this one recently Just thought I would share Tell me a story So real, I can live in it Instead of my home The moon shines brightly The stars twinkle in the sky The sea laps the shore All life is fragile embers in the infinite Balancing on motes Pulling from afar Heartstrings, a Marionette Dancing to your whim Bees buzz endlessly In the flowers, can they know? The beauty they make Waiting for the bus I'm struck by nihilism And then by the bus Sinewy gristle Vegetarian nightmare Formaldehyde stew Do not fear your past Anyone in love with you? Will already know Loves democracy Until someone he hates wins Then it's fascism Substituted in darkness Diamond's ready to emerge Feel my wrath, Gremlin Customer service Very helpful assistance 'Thanks for'em Top of a tower A red blush in the dark night Just a simple kiss Life is very strange And hits when least expected That milk was past due Oscar has a book He always has it with him He wants to look smart Peace cannot be had As long as it's desired For peace does not want Patient, cockroach waits Snowmen melt, and so do we? Nuclear winter On these knees, I fell Oh, these tears that I have shed Help me to forget Today was awesome Rum is made from sugar cane I can't feel my face We stand in a crowd Not wanting to be left out It will happen, though How sweetly I smile Yet alone, I am weeping Hitting all the pain Plutonic City Hubble could barely see it Are spaceships waiting? Cruel predator Ready for the plover's aid A calm crocodile Gloomy September A torrential rain falling Stoled by the pain A near collision Breaking from a beak and the Locust fizzed away By marble columns The masses gather as one The fire rises Everything is closed It's illegal to go out Oh, God, I feel sick Rays of light wake me I stretch approach the window And flip off the sun Happiness and joy Indescribable pleasure Bright future ahead Can you feel my love? Where you rest, your perfect soul I can feel your love For a whirlybird Its singular resolve is Exalting humans Cuddled in my own home Knowing that when I go out Life will stay the same Yearnings of before Memories of long ago The solemn present I recall the scent The warmth of an embrace soothes [ tender lips touching] Wind blows against us Kissing on the swaying bridge Holding each other Mouths gaping open Showing cavities for the Filling of potholes Silence is golden Independence, fix yourself No news is good news Enlightenment lives In the space between my thoughts Mere infinity They've all flown away I sit in the empty chair Watching the trees sway A haiku a day Keeps the therapist away And it's cheaper too Under the ground An alarm is counting down You can ignore it A tree has fallen But its fall was never heard Did it make a sound? Cherry's drip off trees Drawing wasps to their sweetness Girls whistle at boys My dog is a king His throne is a feather bed His love is my gift On the darkest path Light should always be followed But seldom we walk The rafters buckle And the embers brush my sleeves Curbings make me cry Sunset and sunrise The wind blows the fog away Everything is clear Mercury Venus Earth Mars Jupiter Saturn Uranus Neptune Sipping my coffee Pucking my marijuana Sunday in lockdown The bus driver stops Opens the door and says no Slowly pulls away I'm feeling anxious I just met someone today My mind is racing I'll vanish one day In time, this will seem unreal Brief imaginings Seven dancing men Spirits high, glasses higher They fall one by one I held the beauty Of the world in my hand, but Shucked it for its pearl Heavy, sleepless gaze A tattoo across her chest No solicitors Standing at Cliff's edge Fear preserved another day I lacked the courage Slutty girl in school Self identifies Christian Irony is bliss You would put me down I would hide behind a mask Actions define us Beyond the dark door The Hall of the Mountain King B bless all that I bleed We are on lockdown But it is sunny outside I want to break free SEDGEED IT all Even if I wanted to I can't contact you Sundance through glass panes Another pain, I notice Small feet in my back A tap from winter Reminding the cars in A Whirling of petals Stillness in motion A quiet sort of movement (Raspsions on the lake) These words, they choke me Like a vine around my throat Crawling from my heart In Halcyon days We used to run with the wolves Now we work like dogs How perfect your love? Each day with your grace, I go What an adventure? Whenever I smoke I notice a bee nearby Buzzing just like me When I meet my death That old man who's lost his teeth Love will free this flesh A split reflection I have so many faces Am I a diamond? Silver words escape Only eyes and nothing more Shocked by the senses Learning to let go letting the air flow through me Leasons from the winds Something meaningful Driven to finding purpose For seeking greatness Working like a slave Day by day slipping away Money is my drug Mountains topped with snow Here I gaze upon the sky My azure canvas Therapy for me So many choices to make Poetry is best Now I want to laugh But Reddit is not funny Where are the good memes? All teeth, all muscle Ancient tyrant comes for me Prayer that I wake soon Keep silent footsteps Eye sight, stay sharp and focused Breathing just hold on Who am I to you? Two fish in a swimming pool Dinning in your eyes The four girls nodded Frightened, but a dare in mind Girls wanna have fun Graveyards are pretty I think you would like them too Come with me next time A rainy morning The sound of a bird crowing I could hear the cold Gonna be alright Just stumbled over a stone You'll walk again soon People please calm down We have you all in safe hands On this sinking ship Don't you waste my time? Can't see flags with my eyes closed I'm not scared to try Dragon's nest is laid Be gone to whence there upon Queen of rightful space No, no, like I said I am deeply closeted What, no, I'm not gay I concealed it well Until I burst out sobbing My weakness exposed Ripe Pear falls at last Purifying the dried up earth Or perhaps us all Wind crisp on my cheek Slowly, the days get shorter A single red leaf Penniless and cold Sleeping upon a doorstep Life stolen away Wah, bright and early Bills and work adult life sucks Going back to bed? The storm comes stalking Lightning, thunder, wind and rain Washing us away Morning exercise The early bird gets the worm I'm ready to eat Stage set, sun comes up A murmur of light and warmth This day's song begins Smoke haze haunts the wind Aging flesh drinks autumn's chill Life burns so fiercely Look, ma, I'm Shinto I'd better read up on it Unlike the last time Cute little bubble Dancing in the air bliss feels Oh, wait, pop the end Lonely on the seas So groom me for faggotry From the age of three You wake up to see You forgot about laundry? Better use Feeze Turning down the air The heat builds in all the rooms Greetings Thanatos Happy holidays Pregnant, hungry and homeless Smile, anything helps Nearby, something stirs Foraging misty mushrooms A wizard appears Heard my dad jokes That's the end of the story Grab be continued How I missed you, friend [Elliterate moments] Lonelyness Take my hand and laugh Sit at five percent Song Birds, rejuvenate us Heavy clouds soothe us It's not slavery Because it has extra steps Hence no sympathy A heavy rain comes You used to clear my dark clouds But where are you now? He gave me closure He never really loved me I feel so relieved Fearful, homeless soul A face one hundred years old Beating for mercy A pandora box These scars won't ever heal, but New resolve springs forth You may have surfboards On top of your dirty van But I doubt you surf You stand there waiting Waiting for a bus to come But it never will There is no joy left 'Always I sit mournfully Just waiting for death It's freakin cold out [Boogers] Freeze inside my nose Can't play with my phone It just makes things a Whole lot better like Diane Neal, for example Never used to cry Then you came into my life Now I am sobbing It is all okay Hold my hand and remember We will make it soon Man with a bowler Golden pocket watch in hand His cane strikes the ground I see dead palm trees The snow storm killed all of them Cold is not for us Creative lifetime Now artifacts circulate Made to share with you Time waits for no one Fear of missing out is real So get there early This picture of us Is it just a time capsule? Or a time shackle Oh, mythical friend Let's starrify the bleak day Enjoy the twilight Your rain clouds will part The sky will reveal the truth The sun is still there Shit a mosquito Fuck, they are here already So fucking early Ride was pretty good Only missed a red light once I guess that's five stars Where has the day gone? Have I wasted it away? Get going, move work Legends never die They live in us forever Admit my dear Kobe No, I'm not okay I'm slowly dying each day I wish you loved me Rumi once wrote words So deep that they were shallow So sharp they were blunt In isolation Baking hearts echo empty Prayerd for the sun Mewtwo and mew fight Ash sacrifices himself Fighting is pointless Waiting for the bus Ears dulled by nature's music Odd, calm as clock ticks Possessions Murky sense of attraction Joyous confusion The orange night sky Illuminating us all With streetlight starlight A kingdom eclipsed The light shines upon the sands Never to be seen Mouth shoals, music Changed the course of rock and roll Almost forgotten Winds, icy passage Spokening the beggar's outlook Yet there are flowers I miss you today I know the pain will subside But the days feel long Your warm body fits In my cold, empty spaces Harmony lay still In the rust bucket Munching on the dust nugget Hygiene, just forget Good day at the beach Curbs like a stratocaster Water was nice, too The sound of windchimes Ears hanging out the window A pine scented breeze Hush now, sweet princess Piqueing anticipation Relax and enjoy There's food on my pants The flies are telling me so It's so hard to care Don't know who you are But I want you to know this I love you for you Eternal slumber I long for your sweet embrace I have given up Footes to hard pavement Unable to slow for fear Of an endless rest The shadows they creep Many whispers gnaw the soul A light will find me Bad news, good news, choose Either can overwhelm me Good is my focus At last, am ready To do what I want to do But now I'm dying Pain without malice A kitten captures the heart Fear the great divide When you told the truth Treasured shared moments turned to Blooming solitude My dog won't smoke weed So I gave her some mushrooms Now we are soul mates Cold morning showers With a dash of soft perfume Alas, I smell spring How can I tell you? What you've always meant to me? With three little words Absentmindedness Meditate side effects Price of happiness Infinite ocean Salt air, brushing sun, kissed skin Sailing to nowhere Wah, up to the sun Cold shower, cold brew coffee Perfect beginning Methamphetamine You are fading my best friend Still here, but near gone A familiar face A strange expression realized I forgot your name A convocation King's gathering in silence Gaia's prayer blanket Candlelight and wine Exotic spices wafting Action An eye cracked open And slid back under clouds for A relaxing rain Sometimes stone forgets It is supposed to be still Then mountains grow red Oh, dear Mother Earth My, oh, my, she suffers so She sends a message Protest everyday The rules of the subreddit Haiku censorship Is it a brown thrush? Or a young female blackbird? Old man's eyes are best The crescent glitches And underneath the moon's veil I see the true sky April: Footlights And a tangerine glow have Lit the forest floor Crisp air fills the lungs Cloudy skies over tree tops I long to return Reddit distracts me Number on the clock goes up Unfinished homework Strong new foundations Start tender conversations [whisper] Sweet nothing's In an gentle breeze In a sudden lightning strike It comes for us all Trees stand in one place And can be relied upon For shade and comfort Yesterday evening Bushed my teeth with a razor They feel so clean now When I was a boy I was very hopeful, but Now I am depressed Echoes of a waltz Life alters yet carries on Hammered dulcimer A small place for us No one knows that we are here Gazing at the sky School asked me questions While I prefer not to think Hate them forever Lord, the light you spoke With your light and love, I am Light now and always Why don't we just say? Wait, you said all you need to I don't say enough Perfect time to tan With a book, just to relax Damn, he starts to mow They come in disguise Offering a mask of help My trust has vanished Medical bills, knock They keep knocking at the door Someday I'll answer The summer arrives Taking from me an old friend And leaving tulips? First snow of season Snowdrifts grow so very deep Winter has arrived But all of my thoughts They are not mine, they are just Replaction She sees my crying Then she gently rubs my head Tension melts away All elevators Smell the same, but not all smells Elevate the same A simple crime scheme I hope and I do yes, dream All goes right in there Funny how time works When minutes turn to hours And hours to days Love I gave to you Oh, Joy, great was the return Now to reinvest Tiny paws tapping A sour somber silence Stars and mind decay Bag in my pocket Sunshine for the rainy days Ride on clouds and waves The pandemic life Has made me soft like an egg I hope I don't break Whispers of pink and white Peaples of Chrysanthemum Dispared on the ground Hey, how's it going? Just social lubrication No one really cares Distractions abound This phone I never put down Screw reality Tingles of pleasure Fantasy eyes closed It's sensational The plan was all set But the body did not care Who's really in charge? Incredible sights Glory, praise and love to God Struck with awe this day The sun past Zenith Awareness awakening He grabs his smartphone My breath is caught on The words I wish I could say Silence burns my skin When I disappear Will I even cross your mind? Not that it matters A road trip, a game A shot a run in the rain Never got enough Please protect your ears Tinnitus kinda sucks ass Trust me, I would know Slow breaths in the storm Scalling waters threaten you Stand embrace anew [Rasing breath] Now fades Deaths rattle shakes the cold room Time to say goodbye Raindrops on the roof Euucalyptus in the air Lower back massage Parenthood is like Reliving pasts knowing all But you don't listen The tree sways slowly Bowing gently to the wind Strong yet so humble Sun baked summer stroll To the Hidden Lakeside Cove Cool, wind up her skirt I know it's painful Don't vibe with you any more Please leave me alone Get out of my head It's futile critical, Miss Recipientation Spineling, skipping stones Plotting the ripples they'll make Though they cannot swim Afternoon cloud burst Floods the lonely alleyway She pours out cold tea A somber midnight A lover looks to the sky He wishes for her My love for you grew Like a vine around my throat Entangled and lost Did not take notice Of events that went before Should have had hindsight Warm embers, crackling [Melachonly] In the air Changing of seasons Nothing to no one Cacophony of crickets A restless ego Kids birthday parties Nine months after mom and dad Opt for more people You won't believe I Love you if you can't believe You are lovable Can't pay attention Adderal for all the kids We can't sleep at night My soul overflows It knew not of your magic And can't drink enough Simmering on skin Remains of a battlefield Small silvery scars Going unnoticed Winding paths never crossing Gazing somewhere else Just let me sleep in No point getting up early It's winter here now Her smile sweeps the cloud That he forgets he has lungs That his legs have knees Who do we accuse? Why do we deserve this fate? What will we become? The gray winter sky Now mirrors my state of mind Darker each moment On great a'tuin's cheek A silver tear is rolling Big as an ocean At the register It looms six away from me Masked identity Today I failed you Good intentions, unfulfilled Bedding forgiveness Look at all the pain There has to be a heaven Because this is hell Memories of you A gift to last a lifetime Short as it may be I feel waking up I'm dead as I roam the world Nothing left inside People are simple They just want love and kindness I've got both for days Bating ceaseless pain Guilt now, Torment tomorrow Hope drowned in anguish Parobolic arc Moving at a unknown speed The swingset is blue I woke to the sun The morning was veiled in Grays I knew it was there They will not help me The rainclouds cover the world With the rain of pain Tainted spring water Life brings death cleanse before use Punish the guilty Hours fall away But still I law here awake I can't help myself Her hair is an ode To joy to happiness to Such silk soothes old souls Nobel, warrior Tell me all of your secrets Or else feel my blade Post traumatic stress The feeling that your repressed Suddenly undressed I'm lonely, she said Please come over, I miss you To a dial tone Failure Bares Great Weight Find the courage buried deep Under the frost line You earn what you keep And you get what you deserve That's the fucking truth My friends never end Not knowing why some people Continue singing Once upon a time At the end of a rainbow I sold pot for gold Hugging ancient walls A thousand ages pass by Constant unyielding It's getting near dawn When lights close their tired eyes I'll soon be with you On the brink of tears I reach out, I need you now But you are not here I cannot fathom A memory without you But I wish I could Old man bumps his head Long grey hair begins to bloom Snores the day away Scranturing silhouettes Swooping through the fallen leaves Masking strange creatures It never mattered What I don't know about you You deserve to smile The temporal vows Are taken by a moth for A cloistered cocoon Help me, I am trapped In a Haiku factory Save me before they In your absence, I Said to the leaves, they listened Until the fall came Many fish ahead Time to steer toward the sun This storm has no eye Ben misses the bus Splashes around in his pond There is no escape Standing at the door And waiting for your letter Leaves are falling down Separate from springtime I can see my reflection A bird call breaks through Found Pearl at airport The owner I could not find My wife won't wear it The rain is falling You can hear it on the roof Better together Smiles, joy engulf me Faith, love, cover your battles Thanking God for you My path is not clear I no longer look for love I ask for guidance Blinded by the white Numbed to the bone by such cold Comfort in your love Bacon on my plate Wait, what, no, that's not bacon? What did I just eat? A fleeting sun lights A fire across the sky The world welcomes it I predicted mess Just not sure how deep let's see What the cards say next? I forgive you self You don't have to keep faking They will still love you A winter sparrow Perched still on a backflow pipe Jogger's feet take flight Quarantine is now Life as we know it is new Isolation sucks We are just the egg Of a Phoenix called Frienship They live forever Finding your purpose Break free from reality Search the soul within Dog farts in the night Oh, God, it smells so damn bad Silent but deadly Insomnia, suck Because you can feel spiders Crawling down your throat The rain pours loudly Giving plants their energy While others will drown Isn't it funny how? My life is worth so little Until it leaves their's Battle intellect Not getting personal yet How mad can you get? You are perfect love You give all of it to me You will perfect me I know you miss me But I'm just bones in a box You have to move on To quit, you would be Breaking bones to reset them I can't do it yet My thoughts whish away The blossoms gone to the wind Lost in forever My last was a fail I hope that I can improve With time and practice Cut words from my lungs Ugly shards strangled in vines Splashing over all A morning coo breaks The sky heaven is blissful I birdwatch til night Dust, you will become But will someone chant your name? Soft as I do hers Ghost in my machine Your black lillies by my door Animal crossing The light of the sun Sets over my time and soul Soon I will be free Fragments of a thought Like Jigsaw Puzzle Pieces In my scattered mind Waves breaking with blue Salt sticking to skin and hair Sand blowing through air Wow, I am so bored I can't think of things to do Send more coffee, please This cube is haunted Neerd ghosts materialize Asking for slide rules Flowers in the breeze Persuasion, or hunger Tiny wings take flight Frying countertop Old memories and big laughs Facetime with a friend Her lips like storm clouds Above me, raining kisses Each one like lightning Being an asshole? Is a symptom of your fake? Gluten allergy In the dark closet My umbrellas, Hibernate During the winter Silver Desert Moon I know a lonely woman Stars whisper her name I am sorry, Cat We have run out of meat treats She sits patiently A pinch of sadness Springkled with melancholy It's a bit sucky Fingerprint bruises Roll down a small freckled arm Thunder Booms at night The sea might be deep But even if it's endless Your eyes make him shy Waiting, I did try Impatience, oh, impatience You got me again The Pawns and the Queen Are all under the same box After the chess game I will not be told Who to love or whom to hate? I will wed a child The grim black harvest The black seeds are ever sown The reapers embrace When there was a chance I was dismissed forsaken What can a man say? Inspiration now I saw two seagulls passing Strong winds filled my soul A slice of lemon And fizzing water is a Great combination An amber sunrise The wind blows my stress away Now life is perfect I am stuck at work It makes me sad to be here Dreaming of craft beer What an argument? Even if I use reason He does not listen Golden sands, sit calm Where the moon meets the ocean? The cycle complete My dirty secret I always count my fingers When I write Haikus Haikus are easy But do not always make sense Refrigerator Caught by ceaseless waves The shore, painfully nearby But I'm too tired Jacket and beanie Sun climbing high in the sky I am overdressed Old eyes in old wives Glazen over and sunken through Watching his approach I want to eat shit Coprophage degradation I am your toilet Her steely gaze cuts Through my exoskeleton End of transmission At first physical Then followed by deep passion Now, mother of two Under the lampposts Yellow, dim light shining, right? She brightens my night The only limits Constraining my destiny Are the ones I make? I can see you now For just what you really are I'm glad you are gone Pills booze, broken glass Hear birds chirping but alas They can seize the day Your tears,now my tears Love shared for so many years Hold me tight, my love I think of success Yet all I see is failure What do I do next? Dizzying these heights Your arm around my shoulder I'm glad that it's you Goddess, give me strength The burning times are nearing Giggy little flames A long vacation Most left unpaid and hungry Yet no border wall There I found myself On the edge of the water As I drink deeply As we grow older We must be mindful to love Deep open and free Nothing he can do To make me want him as much As how I want you Water trickles down Garden of many colours See them all year round Softly spoken words Fail to reach your covered ears Shall I scream them then? But you'd be surprised The epiphanies you find In another's life The rain falls gently Last weekend's snow is washed clean More snow on the way Lost soul wandering A good place to stop tonight Not there, idiot Fadly I acted You taught me well, and it shows Wonderful, are we? I needed to poop I made it to the toilet A moment too late Anniversary If only she was still here Unfillable void A moment's silence A brief reflection of life Found in death's sadness Just stop it, would you? I want to be free of that Apple cart stirrer In armour and veil Her view of the world is grim Lest her guard dissolves Happy treason day Corrupted, rotting country Celebrate nothing At work, I am asked Where do we go for lunch time? A great mystery Night falls on a field Lights flicker like stars above Fireflies dance with grace Mid life, Miasma Veering into the slow pain Complex diagram Northern lights calling Will I ever get to see? Beauty in person Live on CNN Very unprofessional So close, watch your step A footprint in mud Is it at all permanent? Shall it fade away? This crushing ordeal Is testing my limits but? What if it's a gift? It is a war crime To destroy cultural sites Instead of humans Been outside a lot Now I have a mask tan line A strange two tone face After a harsh wind Maples take off their red garb Exposeding true form Rising from the earth Pushing upward, falling back We wave hi and bye Set me free tonight For a moment I'll forget This reality Here it comes again I can think of nothing worse Money in the bank To climb Mt Juji More than once or not even Is my biggest fear? Reflect on the past My sorrow leaves it's slumber Eternal drowning The hills rolling by And his scent fills the cabin Swift brush on my leg Breezing in for lunch Crispy potato salad And swallowing sand Ever just listen? Splash up sounds of summer rain Pursuing your spirit Ballons overhead Villagers scamper about Animal crossing And I dreamt I died But with time to drive around And say my goodbyes My misery craves A leave from my company Yet it lacks courage Consensus inverts The logic of rational Decision making This is abhorrent Ziploc bag brimming with pills That is malpractice Plans interrupted Your needs I serviced today Love is all it took There is a relief Knowing the limb brought no loss Squid nor octopus The Kaiju appears Behold humanity's end King of the monsters For a whirlybird The singular resolve is Exalting humans Sweet with brown sugar Peaches and cream or berries Quaker, oats is King How sweet is your voice? A timbre stamped on my soul Love within each word You have cast your pearls Are too beautiful for swine They don't understand Fast ships run tight lines Through the bellowing breakers No time for the sea Time eases some hurt You will be happy again Slowly and surely Lay back and relax Kissing everywhere I love I want to taste you Ray's hit my window Living under quarantine? Longing for outside On a day of thanks Warm wishes to a neighbor Positive and bright I had a baby Actually, my wife did It's cramping my style Cold like winter wind They played me and betrayed me Trust broken, no hope Putting others first They are taught that you come last Not your place in life Sunrise in your mind Illuminating your dreams May it never set? CIS men point fingers Telling me their conclusions Without listening Sun is out schorching Cooking eggs on the pavement True playas only Called in the plumber When I observed his buttocks Got quite excited Good old Monday booze Lending Tuesday's happiness Good old Monday, Blues Wake up to shouting How do I turn down the noise? Sleep in your hallway I wasted my life Marching ahead for nothing Now I'm in prison Flurry of vile words And now I'm at a crossroad Do I stay or go? How can I thank you? Never have you failed me, Lord Come holy spirit Sometimes I feel down During those moments I breathe I dream of mountains Addiction worships Hymnals in Hallucinate Patron saint of fix Keeping real busy Sticked in a modern jail cell Within my own home Surface gets hotter I'll shove you under water Never let you drown Fight the break of dawn Girl, you know I've got to go Tomorrow I'll be Often I ponder The question with no answer That would satisfy With love in my heart Thank you, serendipity I have my candee The snowball season With strawberry flavor at Summer festivals Shapes, colors and sounds A dot in the void of space Is that all life is? [whispers] Pink and white Wind through swaying green arches A blue summer sigh Life can be so hard Every gets easier With your hand in mine Watch me count to five Zero one, two, three, four five I can count to five Pilgrim's journeying Eternity awaits us Love, faith, lead each day Social distancing Vacate your whole social life Madness fills that void A smirk in the dark Cheap dress peeled off in silence Peapers float away Two cars meet, Collide Spirit curiosity Traffic jam on Mars Let my focus drift Metronome Ceiling fan clicks I'm no musician Writing a haiku Counting the syllables now I am successful The Phoenix rises From the ash and so will you? Failure is the start A vague gesture at Feelings may not give meaning But satisfaction Warm and tender thighs Juice on my chin like raindrops K F C Bucket Fireflies in the night Little sparks moving about So peaceful to watch God, I am humbled Amazing by you filled with grace Ever thanking you? Inside I'm screaming No sounds will I make out loud Silence must endure Head is filled with bees Bee's waiting to be released Release lies ahead I can see sunshine I want to live forever Please stay better days A chorus of frogs Peeping out their springtime in A soprano bog This old photograph The last remaining vestige Of a long lost love (sigh) and giggle merge New adventure in her eyes A dotted life note I saw a hunter On election day, we were Civil, how bout that? I cannot count sheep No matter how hard I try There will be no sleep Silence, chokes and kills Much like broken promises She was good at that You were in a dream I saw your warm smile again Why did I wake up? A new sensation Electrical connection To the universe Warrior spirit Lost among technology Where pens become swords? I will not be told Who to love or whom to hate? I'll marry a man You changed your gender My feelings remain the same I still hate your guts Silver Moonlight falls Through the heat of summer night Landing on bare skin But you always thought She would never betray you And yet here we are Temple of the dog Before you an offering Come out for kibble We may starve to death But at least we won't run out Of toilet paper Tears run down my cheeks Emotions bubbling up Like a soda can Why is it this close? Let me off this crazy ride Mom, come pick me up Die hard Christmas film Some say it is, some say not The latter are wrong When I hear you sing Heart dances to the rhythm Of your melody The days spent shit faced An inexorable march Blue clouds of evening I am not okay Negative thoughts fill my brain I want this to end Puer natus est Gloria in excelsis Et in Terra Pax Studying beauty Smart, delicate, concise Gently stalk Haiku Cold winter evenings Nature grows fully tranquil The silence deafens A rainbow appears Colorful array in sky Natural wonder It was loneliness A subtle isolation Now found drunk in Maine My legs feel like shit I talk shit, I look like shit Fuck, what is this shit? Lone Samurai speaks His fallen Brethren, listen Sound of painful tears Fear seeks to take hold Hope in love given received Mercy, forgiveness White collar prison Too few inches, but it's nice The ass is half full There are no limits When I reach the highest peak I will learn to fly Fuck me, fuck my life I need to get back to it Life in studio My head was heavy Now I'm light as a feather Walking on soft clouds White streaks across the Sunrise, move people around Ties of combustion Be in my light friend Feel the rhythm of my soul My love be your guide Don't look at the sun Shining bright from cheek to cheek A glorious smile Evil lingers here In the exceptions we make Unlearn, support love Nothing I believe Is really worth believing? And that's my belief Postal service must Turn a profit unlike the Air Force and Navy What we all want now? May not be what we want then Make smart decisions The cicadas sing Bedtime songs while night recalls The promise of day Cotton families In a billowy hello Wave on laundry lines Happiness abounds Feeting my faith, starves my fear Happy am I, Lord? Refrigerator I like refrigerators Refrigerator Looking at nature Holding your perfume fingers This is beautiful In my search for truth I found the truth had missed me A deceptive search You deserve the silk Say the creatures who wove it Out of their asses Went to Montreal Go yelled at about parking So I up and left Hand in hand, we walk But there is no time to talk You are leaving me Stop telling me why Let me breathe, don't say goodbye Just leave, let me grieve Whiteboards are so cool You wipe them clean and write more They're remarkable The evergreen tree Bundled up in silk and stars [Kennels Dormant Hearts] My heart is ice cold Love escapes for the last time I'm ready to die Motionless city A young weary nurse slumbers Dreaming of the sun Pain inside my soul Broken heart or broken bone Difference is none Running from failure Channing a dream of success Neither brings me joy Simple words sound lame Eloquent words insincere Silence sounds hollow Sundance through curtains Peeping in to touch my face Now I am awake Death is eternal Life is but a few moments Live in those moments You died too young, Dad Nitrix stole you away And attacked my heart Oceans wave to me Haha, sea what I did there No pun intended The moon above us Stars shining through the shadows Twilight Horizons Aimless wanderer I am without home or kin An unwanted stray Why is it so cold? The sky is clear and quite blue Ice and snow come soon A flurry of words Beckon, for my attention Which ones will I choose? Memories like mist I have forgotten her laugh Her smile eludes me Why is it that I? When beginning a poem Always ask questions They were never there Britishsweet recollections Their existence passed A master's degree To keep you out of trouble Your life is a lie Coyote, Sunset Sky drops from purple to pink Mesa silhouettes Just thinking of you Infinite poems I could write Way beyond Haiku Dandelion Seeds You whirl, oh so gracefully A fuzzy cumshot The bus takes me there By there, I mean wherever Too bad I missed it A walk through nature The trees and rocks whisper tales Where does one begin? Help me comb my hair I got bee honey in it I say you owe me There is a last time You ever do anything? Enjoy the moment Moments of contact Longing for a foil for me I miss human touch I stared at the fox Scavenging for his dinner In him, I saw me Winter, lifeless calm Deer tracks imprinted in snow Distinct gunshots blast Winter's breathy joke Exploring fragilities Frigid hearts break hard Afar, it stretches A view of hillsides green as Leaves of tea unfold Your honesty hurts For surgical enhancements Corrected, not healed For April Fool's Day I'll act like I want to live Because that's funny With my pruning shears My little tree was mangled Check twice and cut once I need some new pants Although I did just get some A new hat instead Weight on eyes like fog Something in the morning, mist It is now my time I thought I fit in Then a thought flew in maybe I'm just pretendin' To find your new peace Be still the mind and let go Of all worry, breathe Assignments due soon Like the plague, I avoid them Due date is looming Still in it's Pink Cup An endless wandering passed The taste of tea leaves Ten baby carrots Three ounces of cold chicken An apple, my lunch Seventeen short words So little time to confess My bottomless love Story of a life Clocked in the mind that can't speak The eyes ache and weep Two bickering cats Pick them up, suggest friendship Hissing cats are sharp My pup looks at me I want to be what they see Someone worth loving Connected, were we? Life's touched by truth and beauty Basking in the glow The heart drowns today Ungrounded in my sorrow Lost within my past Down with the mod king They are not doing their job What is all this tripe? Grey and rainy day In silence, I close my eyes Slowly, fall asleep I am dishonored Really regret my choices I must capture Aang Rustle of some leaves Morning and night ritual Two hundred and twelve I believe in love And I believe in hate too I wish for balance No passport needed No jet lag or sea sickness On this kind of trip A place of freedom No judgement or restrictions Just write what you like All that disrespect You show me another when? You shrugged and moved on Measure your success With a ruler you create Not someone else's Easter weekend break Lots of family catch ups Then back to work, drained Refrigerator Stuff the turkey down your throat Asphyxiation Lord, thy servant writes Please spare others of your wrath Distrace me instead Plants are phoenixes Burst bloom, blaze bend, break, burn be So feeds its next self A nylon dragon Claveing to the sky with an Appetitive for wind A weed edible It's not working, I need more Call an ambulance I watch the sun rise A new day is beginning Yet I live in Yore Engulfed in warm bliss Surrounded by your sweet scent Berathing me to rest My battery is Low, it's getting dark, I don't Feel good, Mr Stark Do we feel the same? Is your love the same as mine? Can we ever know? Kitty, loudly purred I looked at him and meowed He wanted cuddles I dream of a day When I will wear flowing white And walk down that aisle Courage to declare The big final step forward Life at next level A flower petal Drifts away from yesterday In tomorrow Where do wishes go? Look at the night sky someday You'll find them floating I will build a wall To protect myself from God God will pay for it In the unknown Is where my life is heading? Send the fifth spirit Everything you touch Leaves you with a little gift Wash your dirty hands The rain sings to me I sleep while water whispers Tonight it's quiet Water turns to ice Change is afoot as always Time won't wait for you I just keep scrolling Throughoutly mind numbingly Must stay distracted Tick tock, tick tock tick Perverse thoughts, madness Erase suffering Silence has prevailed In it, I feel most at ease Night has come again The pizza is hot My wife tried to caution me I still burned my mouth I don't like people Only exception is you You are my person Mirror on the wall Everything will be alright So please smile for me Under ancient oaks I ponder mortality Stillness suspends time When Dusk settles in The energy trickles out And there is nothing Looking for real love Fantastic tale as a kid love Al and Jasmin love The fucking bomb y'all Supernova, you know it And know it, you do With narrowed effort Bereft of dull intentions He sharpens his craft The chopper crashed and The pilot had ejected To retrieve his toy Befuddled, confused Bewildered, shocked and startled You leave me speechless Liquid emotion Paper tainted by the tears Flushing from my pen Nerves are acting up My ass must prepare a speech What he has is shit A clear reflection Consistent and comforting Quickly came the wind Blisses under gloves An afternoon of yard work Footes breathe on the couch You think you can run? I'll gobble up your table You will face judgment Telling me stories I can't even understand You had to be there The shirt smells like you A scent once so rare, but now Traciousally common I just want to sleep My past mistakes don't matter All I do is think Meeting on the field A fox spirit comes along Winter is coming A violent thought Hearing voices in the trees [Whisper] Clever, cryptic things Words nouns sounds compounds Peanut butter, Scotch tape, worm Fuck, I stepped in shit Autumn Day's settle Plants and bears prepare for sleep Winter threatens cold Why would God make me? Only to hate who I am Something is wrong here An afternoon stroll Another hot one today I should have worn shorts Gently close my eyes [Whispering] It will be fine Till I fall asleep Equality Balance in the universe As all things should be How do you do it? You make colors out of grey Warming my cold heart Confidence begins The person in the mirror Respecting yourself Oh, to be in love He ardently held her hair As she puked up, Vile I weep for my youth Days like lifetimes, all their own How bright I burned then? Unproductive day Even slacking off was dull I blame management You just walked away And now you're just a stranger With all my secrets Darn place I live in The quality here is bad Hope this gets better The summer heat starts Will we ever be outside? Losing any hope? The sound of my heart Beating loudly like bass drums Hope you won't hear that I really miss you But I will never tell you Because you moved on A thought is a crime Never, but fascists don't care 'Cos jail's bad enough The men's locker room Again, my erection stirs Homosexual Calm, peaceful moments They flicker for an instant Through the murky haze Distinct mountain peaks Disappeared in the spring fog I trust they remain Angels, light the sky Flying on forsaken wings Inciting the end Sunny day with you Pick flowers just to crush them Everything is rouge Golden Koi, shimmer Reflection of summer nights Moonlit in the pond Blanked night sky Trees whisper on empty streets Out walking alone Cold comes warmth within Pain persists, but tears flow heal You are all I need I really miss you Like sunflowers, miss the sun On a cold, dark night Yellow Flower Dress That smile, high heels and a ring Your strawberry lips Sleepless night in bed Stray cat getting fucked outside Please help, oh, my God Together we prayed Take the hand of your angel Love poured out for you Poor Joe Cumia Made an ass out of himself On the people's court Sheets of velvet rain An existence diluted Wash away the pain Bonding over pearls Bonding over Greg Wallace Bonding over stops Genes are the software We have all the pieces but Don't like the picture Wind whips my body Flagellation straight from God Repentance needed Under cold, hard ice Another world swims with life Ice fishermen, wait Where did I come from? Where did anyone come from? It must be Mother Quiet here, I lay Thoughts scatter astray zooming When will the pain go? Procrastination I know I have a final Why do I do this? Best cries happen here Tears and snot washing away It's liberating My tennis shoes squeak Not so very annoying Mostly walk alone My precious cousin Only you could understand You are sweet relief I saw a tiger Suckering a juicy melon Wowza, what a zoo? Work, sleep, work again Hobbies cannot be pursued This cycle won't end Ambient waves beat Slow rhythms to tease the gulls My tea is too sweet Really, quite tired Two episodes till the end Alas tomorrow A shift in the winds Whisp'ring of vernal colors But only outside Crying in the night A child, I cannot comfort Spare her heart, take mine Walking through tall grass I squat to relieve myself This really tickles Unbeknownst to you A friendly face cares deeply Don't disappoint them Sorry, no kapish Is ok I no English? We ate in silence Put your clothes back on And let's call this what it is Emotions stay here He passes the time He pursues fruitless efforts He blames time passing Yearning thick as tar The mind womb for bliss and pain Days escape like breath Liquid orange bright Lights, the now clear sky, purple Then comes Navy night God's perfect vigil How imperfect my vigil? Lord, help me this day A man can find joy With anyone so long as? He does not love her The F train and I Like myself, it goes nowhere And does it slowly? Oh, this ritual Your desires manifest If you are worthy If you have to ask Then you are prob the ass hole Spare us the stranger That shiny new purse With babysitting money And a ride from Mom I would have thought that An elephant in the room Would get talked about A flower remains Despite of its surroundings Admire its beauty That gem, Iceberg flip Cleaned to your married finger It has since melted Cry into the sand Tight washes away the pain Reverended A life so lonely A vaguely polite gesture Brings tears to your eyes The night fate stepped in I was sleeping in the woods Suddenly a text Tiny box of love Went so it can't be stolen But I lost the key In deepest void Badly broken and battered No light shall shine here Another haiku Running out of ideas Someone please help me Words seen'love hidden' Today reveal, celebrate Why not just do it? [Laughing Children Play] So quickly, the years have passed Born just yesterday Some of these, I write Some are written by others All of them, I mean Wisteria hangs Intersection of beauty And foreboding doom Under open doors Something about forgetting Tethered to new sights Understandably I rise to work in morning But hesitantly Broken it in millions Shinto gets all together Kintsugi brings life (Slight chill) in the air Fall always brings thoughts of you Come and keep me warm The smell of coffee Sooths the soul of this poor boy The moon knew and smiled Gentle rain breezes Cools the day and warms my heart Carried into dreams The past is dying Space is being created Now fill it with joy I feel so sadly I want to tell him badly I love him madly Constant strain Inspiration as I push Then I flush it down You can beat a dead Horse to water, but you can't Look it in the mouth Today at the Pond A duck held its breath quite long I counted thirty What a happy place That treehouse cabin was great Bed breakfast and bark A dream to believe I can never let go now Fantasy is real Let this rain cleanse me Put out the fire within A new day will dawn You killed them all dead You just downright blew their minds Encore mi amore Bacon on my plate Hell, yeah, to cholesterol Crispy perfection Dark of night undone Lightning scars a velvet sky I wait for the sound Little cuckoo calls Clear sound air feeling lovely This day is quiet Music softly floats Subduing utter silence I drift off to sleep Dropped spear, Rusted shield Hollow eyes in a bronze face Time was the true foe The flies are buzzing Simpletons looking for light The moon miles away The moonlight delights Finch's dancing within beams Peacefully happy Horror read in Braille Something sinister coming I can just feel it Young sprout filled with hope Yearns for sun bends to forces Poor deformed Bonsai I did eat a bug Why did I do it, oh no? Crap, I'm poisoned help Thoughts of death appear Tears reflect the screen's soft glow Free winrar expired Enhanced by grace My love poured out for you, dear Glory, praise to God Hooray sung the king Although he'd forgot the words So it was silence Enough crinkled bag Fingers, hold the magic Cheeto dust Your eyes looked through mine I felt like I was home then I woke from my dream I pretend to sleep As she sneaks out of my room Never looking back The door is open You are as free as the wind If not louder than It's stunning to think How better off I would be? Had we never met? An unexpected Mouth was used today, I Will not forget you Rain colliding now In my window softly A beautiful song Silky smoke rises From the deep urn of wisdom My dreams come to life Waters darkly, gleam And sirens in the moonlight Fleeting as a dream Lungs fill with fresh air Smells crawl on the morning grass Where I want to be All day I refresh That damn tracking history Where is my package? Sun past its highest Awareness returns to me Scrolling commences Oh, you do not care Just sit around, do nothing Mister, panda bear Happened long ago Happened not so long ago Don't ever look back Good conversation Good tunes too, just one question Who the hell are you? You cannot escape Truth is penetrating all Failure is futile Before you ramble If you can't read my silence Then you are nothing Worrying in Dharma A raft making itself known Why bother grasping? Life is just talking In between depression, naps I hurt constantly Lone tree old, but strong Lightning struck mercilessly In flames, still standing Why do I deceive? Those that want the best for me Will I ever change? It is so damn cold My hood is cute but useless Ears are icicles Feel like such a waste Potential never fulfilled Will things turn around? Infinitively drifting A leaf in the clear river Forever afloat There was no glimmer Or sparkle on her anklet Except surveillance Clicks of the pipette Many hundreds and a smell Of bacteria Your love makes me itch Others may touch the same skin No one else can scratch Amber waves of grain Gentle rustle from kind breeze The meadows, Harp sings Darkening mornings Summer's humid air lingers A gentle dispute Society is Three days of toilet paper Away from chaos The tortoise wanders As silent as its shadow Under the noon sun The fifth brightest star In a constellation shines With just enough light There is no more love You don't talk and shut me out She was my kid too Raindrops are quite wet They often fall from the sky Now my car is clean Divert, confuse blind Not the way I want to walk A constant battle What is my purpose? To love and serve as he does Following the lamb I need your help now You say wait till tomorrow I say fuck waiting Current government Privatizing profit and Socializing debt No more excuses They get in the way of goals Get up and do it Surrounded by art I feel uncomfortable How do I create? Natural beauty The celebration of life A blessing of spring Reliving my past Hello from purgatory How do I let go? Easy to carry Remember nature and mind Haiku therapy Your value resides In the ruler you create Not someone else's A day of parting Temporary, it may be I'll miss you tonight Mow the lawn again No, I don't think I will dude I'll just go riding Heart, break, love story Comedy or tragedy? Funny tale ending Stillness, then a tap Its struggle begins and ends A family fed Walk in through the door Receptionist and doctor [ Woman cries on bed Two weeks to winter Next spring's deepest dark secrets Already buried The wind and the tree Dance and sing all through the night Morning brings silence Hither rests my wish Followed by a rising tinge A looming shadow My heart, it beats true Love for the ocean at night Turtles are the best London neighborhoods Fog enveloping the town Intimate mornings Free, Joe, exotic Tiger King of Quarentine Fuck, Caroline Baskin Illuminating The dark space between the stars The silver moon sails The wingsuit, man, jumps How shameful we are to watch A life completed Sitting on a hill You see the world below you Your life is locked down The old gray squirrel Has seen another winter Twitchy little beast Born into the light Just to face the gloomy truth The world is wicked Quickly as you can Snatch the pebble from my hand Said old master Kan Dark ocean starlight [Rivers] Warp the glowing points I can taste the salt It's true we all lie I will counterfeit myself False identity I love you always Whether you listen or not Oh, toddler of mine My mind is closing My soul is eating alive cherished memory I hear my heart beat It scares me that it might stop Inhale, hold it out The numerator This bar stands for division Denominator One's hypocrisy Is another's redemption? Growth is personal Fighting mental health The trauma of facing death The diarrhea Tokyo, Pluto Limit of Astrovision Are spaceships waiting? Within this whirlwind Of emotions you saw me Your embrace soothes storms Winter approaches The seeds of life remain still Patiently waiting Condense the moment Extract the essence of life The key to Haiku I try to sleep, but I'm caught in this interweb The glow of my sloth Leaves fall, days shorten Old elm branches interlaced Walking arm in arm A quiet moment Sitting in bed before sleep Really listening Twelve users online Scaning a dead subreddit Welcome to the seance I want to tell you I'm sorry for everything Please come back to me They hire Blue Guest Spade go so Republic March I shout, pale envy Management title Rampant abuse of power Ugly uprising Slighting arms held wide Bright laughter in the sunshine Brand new trampoline Ziggy played guitar How we fell and wept that day Ode to a starman Lisses stacked upon lies A mountain made of match sticks Just waiting to burn A single misstep Reechoes sent rue and lament Dombo effect Sleep is coming fast I lay tired yet awake Soon, only darkness [Woman in my dreams] I awake to the nightmare Why can't you be real? Daily joy for dogs Muzzle, pinching choke collars And dragged by a bike I have a puppy roach is not housebroken yet He's pissing again Reading in the grass The load of laundry blows by We have no clothespins Do I wish I could? Or is mediocrity? My shoot for the stars The depth of winter Darkest coldest time of year May it pass quickly? If you come inside You will know all that's within So don't pull out now Were they blue or brown? Those pleading eyes moist with fear The price of kindness Hands on ears on knees Waterfall, cacophany Please be quiet still Seagull's crying high The air smelling of sea salt Or is it my tears? Sweat drips on the floor Working in the blazing sun Books and bed, call me Rain falls from the sky Your head tilts up to catch it A bird flies over My dog lies sleeping At my feet, her gentle snores A comfort blanket Forging inner strength The demon beast known as doubt Decapitated Consternational Unkonventionality Exogenisis I make many jokes revealing my true nature Knock, knock who is there? Yesterday left me You are beautiful today Maybe tomorrow Summer grew a straw Spring grew one more, stood through fall In winter, one fell As for unvoiced love Is it too forward of me? To feel it at all Auxures and embers Ghosts of trees that warmed my bones The hills are bare now Dove floating on wind With grace, elegance and peace Nope, just a napkin How can one person? Think they exist, but solely For their own pleasure When you took your life You took part of my life too Oh, how I hate you An old tarnished key Sits on the emptied house steps But yet you still knock Slow, steady breathing There is someone beside me No more lonely nights Pursuation of progress Dedication, it's own skill Patient, persevere Never gaze too long The grips of the dark abyss Relentess as time Can you explain why? Housing is so expensive In the USA Food on the table Each and every meal time We celebrate death At the break of dawn Dew drops, slide slowly on grass The land awakens Friends taken too soon The world is worse without them Ah, but life goes on Mellow rimmed with salt People bustle all around Waves against my shore That place is outside We huddled under a quilt Disaster it and kiss I still remember How we kissed passionately? But where are you now? Like a calm haiku Focus is my mind flowing I have work to do The false friend stalks you The snake constantly deceives Crush them underfoot No sprinkles, just plain Last doughnut in the break room Monday morning, Blues She counted her worth Not by those she helped or loved But pounds and measures Thanksgiving dinner Please don't bring up politics Warm, mashed potatoes Shadows run between Autumn sun sets lower now The forest lays dark Cold dew this morning Tea and conversation helps Off to work, he goes There are memories They only live on in me All of you have gone Should I delete it? Nobody's upvoting it My daily haiku How to get the most? Upvotes for writing haiku Maybe Google knows So those of you that? Exercise at home daily What is your secret? Neither here nor there Continually searching thin air It flows around me Hello, reddittors I'm new to Haiku, so please Give me some advice Final reflection A life which has not blossomed A premature end A stack of breakfast Pour some syrup on there, too Let's get some pancakes I wish in my youth I were told all life's secrets But would I listen? To take your own life Never knowing your own life Is a life unlived? Why this way, my Lord? Why can I not understand? I choose to trust you Your wife was murdered Why treat me like a suspect? You're draped in her will Lawnmower growling Bright sun cresting cloudless sky Cityscape baking Ease between sheets Rain drumming on the tin roof Nature's Lullaby Coyote, Sunset Sky goes from purple to pink Mesa silhouettes Seagulls are soaring Unseen currents overhead Cries of freedom found There is a silence Stillness underneath the noise Aware of itself Wonder if I've met? Something special in your texts Love in infancy The alarms sound off I sleep with one eye open How did you get in? 'Sale in the dark Trying to solve my problems Maybe I'll just smile I'm felling depressed Wish I could hug someone now I miss all my friends A breath of jasmine Remembers the rain just past? And sunshine to come Of all things that kill You choose self deprecation I like you for you At the break of dawn A content spider takes rest In flower petals Terrence McKenna Your words have opened my eyes And therefore my eye Call me your savior I will breathe life into you You will swim again I have decided To be a haiku writer I'm not very good OK, I replied Receiving the lie you told I love you too, babe A's m r eh Tingle and mingle my brain Better than cocaine From what great away? Has this rain drop come today? To land on my cheek Gray skies in the east Watching them is not enough I have things to do Eyes are on the prize Focus is unrelenting Today is the day A chance to explain My poorly guessed intentions Missing I had my own life Until you showed up in it Now I want to share Hidden day owls hoot An old man told me of you Unexpected joy I like how you taste I'm going to savour this Until I regret My life is haiku Just five, seven and five things And it is Haiku Skyes paved in concrete While tail lights paint, the snow red Geese, take the fast lane Literally took The words right out of my mouth Give them back, you thief Sit along edges Pressed against my bed's corners A pure restlessness Too bad I cannot Post pictures to truly show Meaning beyond words You asked to help me? I refusedsoon I was lost Will I ever learn? Ants on the table Dirty laundry on the floor I need to clean up I don't even know Why I keep playing this game? I lost long ago The extent of breath Energy flows throughout me The balance restored A dark night closes And as I open my eyes Bugs sing good morning A beautiful day Shivering despite the sun Cold as loneliness My plate'always full Called to love and servealways I do it for you I should be working On my homework due tonight But I'd rather not Singing songs of love I sit by the river bank Waiting for a boat? Night turns to morning Reason and logic long gone Damn this lizard brain Rain on the windows Takeout chopsticks and the couch Late night paradise A chorus of frogs Are peeping out spring notes in? A soprano bog Ageing is funny We find new ways to fuck up As we go along The bed depresses Is it the mattress or me? Either way, I sink It went the wrong way The water chose for my lungs I started coughing It's like a nicked vein Blooding unable to stop Iron mixed with salt There are only six You heard me six taco bells? In all of Japan Sun on my shoulders A walk with mother nature Fresh air clears the mind A disconnection A block of time that is gone Will I ever know? Your words like daggers Wielded with such precision Invisible wounds Blooding though, uncut Internal wounds never healed Now I love the pain When I walk with you I want to fall into you And touch all of you Humorous spring unfolds The fair little tree hangs on Tiny mountain walls Art confined to dust No capacity for change Death of the Haiku Anthony Bourdain Ultimately lost the fight What chance do I have? I should feel fainter Surely I've lost enough blood This hole in my heart Tell me your burden I will toss mine to the ground To help carry yours Small blue bits, gray clouds Long lost dreams gone, sand grains fall Three more shots today Just two waves joining [Climating] Chaos, ocean Then peaceful once more Secluded alone Humanities meaning lost I have become death We turn from the sun And the trees withdraw their sap Small lives are ending Open, honest, fresh Love filled each moment with you Again is my hope Poor effort, you say The rules don't apply to me The Haiku rebel Northeast and northwest Never shall they meet, they say We defied the rules I smoke weed daily Puff puff pass, it is so dank Oh, shit, my pipe broke No wind for the sail All the world yet to be had Birds have all the luck The daily drive home A scenic and gorgeous view Puffy valleys and hills But you'd be surprised The epiphanies you'd find In another's life I'm just waiting here You promised me forever Now I am alone If the good die young Then why am I still alive? Is it'cause I'm bad? Here is a haiku That I wrote this afternoon About a haiku No clear path ahead Take control with quarantine Ensure your wellbeing Gilding a goldfinch Perched within a budding tree He unties her scarf I wish I cared less I wish that I could forget Erase my sadness Somewhere over the Rainbow way up high there's A Land that I heard of A plane in the sky Gone with nothing left behind Is everyone lost? The fight that broke us In bed, we lay quietly Her hand grabs for mine Are you serious? I'm not somebody, you know Clearly red flags Huddle cuddle dance From my heart flows rhythm to Symbiotic friends Made for you, am I? In your presence ever joy Ever praise and thanks Thoughts on death today Teach me strength for tomorrow My time begins now Grandiosity Incredible verbosity mediocrity Grey January Sentinel Evergreens stand No wind to sway with I drove to my hike Anticipating nature Sign said it was closed The world is busy You tried to stop me today Instead, I rushed past Rolling thunder booms The heavens refresh the earth Again comes the sun Reaching for a hand My fingers catch only air I pull myself up Gonesome Horizon Sun emerges from the trees Elation of birds TV addiction Watching way too many shows Must break this habit She's so dangerous Just kidding, she's quite boring Predictable, too Branch's sway gently Her movements are small and brisk The fan purrs gently A silent contest Of public restroom strangers Who scrubs hands longest? Delicious, golden The quantity of apples The shallow waters Existential pain Nihilistic dilemmas A day in my life A cool gust of wind Kid running with untied shoes I guess Fall is near What must be done now? To succeed later in life Price of admission The heart of the home For contemplating flat screens And mantle remotes I will quit this thing Pour me beer instead of gin Tomorrow, perhaps Deep connectedness A search lasting a lifetime You are not alone Tried to write Haiku But can't think of one right now Try again later Drying tears, leaving Tracks of salty sorrow and Enough winter nights Advent has ended Now to celebrate your love Soul embraced with joy A bird nests above It guards it's young from all threats I hit my head hard Memory of you Your smell lingers on my coat Illusions of you Water washed me clean Spirit filled my soul this day Seventy years back Carnations blossomed Vibrational colors changed through time Now wilting beauties Pestilence Resort Moisterias are returning On buzzing jet skies Chapter Two begins All codes revealed by nature Things on each new moon The sea carved the stone Polished smooth, it has no cracks But no other shape Serendipity It just clicks and you know it The missing piece fits Encased in static I struggle and beg to be Functional again Started at your garden Through the window of your church At your funeral Death knocks at my door He is who he says he is No light for proud men Away from the beach Still lost in the blue ocean Such marvelous eyes First summer raindrops A tadpole stirs in the murk Hope springs eternal Few things left to do Spring spent in isolation Guess I'll write Haiku Mothers are a waste Alcoholic rage on me Finally, find peace Slavery is wrong According to Westerners Who fund slave labor? A dog's loud barking The bark of the forest trees One jarring one still It's great, although tough I made it for you special It's made of your heart Lightning spans the night Each a shard of light, but in Tandemon A Phoenix I was shaken down A dying used autumn leaf Trampled under feet Six in the evening My eyes yearning to meet his Puppy love on screen A cold, starless night Solvestation gives no solace When does the sun rise? Let me be honest I'm honestly here for this Same from the get go Guess I made you up Precautionful pretender of love You never got it Eyes lock souls, collide Passion becomes tangible Through you, I am home Looking up, I cry Gazing back, you embrace me Understanding love The quiet is good That's what my therapist says Let's just enjoy it I wish you could see All that you have done to me I am dead inside I know that you woke To find a cold, empty bed 'Sale once again Chairs turned to the south Take a seat now, run and jump Dimples from laughter Thunder and evening Set in on a dark valley Rainstorms then ensue Back in my dorm room I left my dildo in the Refrigerator Ran out a week back Started using shower head Send toilet paper Dairy cows are raped Children torn from their mothers So you can eat cheese? My days are numbered Yet my life still feels empty Just like this, Haiku The fast moving clouds Restrained below scorching sun To give me respite Fout demons of hell Said the brave man with gusto They did not stir once If you see someone Who looks like they need a friend? Be that friend to them Dreamed of a haiku In which was the word Haiku Can't remember it Back in custody Department of Erections I love prison, Cock In her voice, sorrow I wish I could help somehow Distance restricts me A merry, go round That horse is inanimate Blogging up and down This is my poem Now it is nearly finished Haiku very much The hairy creature With its dry, craggy brown tongue Seems a water source The silent snow falls Winter wraps a cold embrace Spring promises life Pale winter sunset Worrying under soggy clouds Fira soaks the bed It took me too long To notice, I wrote Haiku For the wrong person A flock of starlings In mindblowing formations Birds can be awesome Always in my mind I wrote about you today My love, Symphony The lonely ostrich Sits atop Yellow Mountain And waits for ice cream Got into trouble Somehow made it out alive Rebels never die Fields of red poppies Lives cut down and strewn around Lest we forget them? Octavio Paz I silently start to read My soul seeks some peace To say I like you Discourse so complicated Humans interact The roar of the falls And time spent falling asleep What it takes to jump? Summer's almost here Robin's fly north seems like it Never went away I yearn to be brave Fear drowns me and takes over Breath and try again Peacefully, I go Worried in a sea of faces Lungs filled with small talk Answer lost to time Who allowed canines egress? Has a catchy tune Out of comfort zone Trusting in your grace, my Lord Prayer for wisdom She's got work early And I get to sleep in late Colder without her Should I clean my room? It's not that dirty it can Wait, how old am I? Unfathomable Her love is for her children Gift of God indeed Crossing open sea Sewing with a strong night wind Guided by the stars Our thoughts and prayers Then we will just go along Like nothing happened I want to be good For whatever that is worth I love everyone Perfectly colored Maneuvered nails, blue and red Dressed for the party Good taste in humor Something I need to learn still My jokes are selfish A truth like water Flusts through cracks in your story Discovers its shape Roses from the grove In the kitchen they wait for The breeze, the silence I change my colors Just like a chameleon Always unhappy A building pressure An ecstasy unrivalled The turd releases Grinning dulcet tones I hope that ambient noise Fucking destroys you Building a ladder Rungs upon rungs, lace two stalks Climbing and growing You mean to tell me? This could have been an email And no one brought snacks My scars have opened Old marks are bleeding anew Burn with memories Plutonian seoul Hubble could barely see it Kuiper ships waiting This has me thinking Can all the haiku's be summed? With mathematics The long winter melt Awakens Desert Flora Like a cold shower Past a reflection Of what future can become? Do we dare look back? A teasing solstice Unveileding her limbs with the Leaves fluttering off Haikus are like drugs Once you start, you cannot stop Somebody help me Gazing at the sky Sticked dreaming of tomorrow Motionless today Knock, knock who is there? A jester looking for laughs Merriment for all Let me seek some rest This is endless exhaustion There has to be help Adrift in the sea Fish overhead like rockets Calm inside the storm Someone comforting Wrapped in your arms and your love There I feel at home It has been a year Guess we are not meant to be Shit, I still love you Need to catch my breath This is drowning me too deep Have to get out now Dear Jon of Eden If words healed, broken bodies You'd be a doctor Is it a mirror? Your eyes are gazing into Or is it the void? I long for the warmth Of a forgotten embrace I miss you, my love Babbling water Tiny crashes of droplets Shiny pebbles watch In my heart's dungeon Through the bars of my rib cage I held a heart beat You were a mistake Before I even made you I can't fix you now So very tired Will my thoughts please let me rest? Sleep, take me away A tree will live through Millions of years to see that Man is arrogant 'Everyone I am Wading through frigid butter Only you can melt Man yields prejudice Violence breeds violence Eden sank to grief Blades of grass flutter Violently in the wind But still their roots hold Two bodies in bed A brief contact in the dark Moist and I My energy spent I slip into exhaustion Please let me have rest Darting back to bed Your warm body against mine Just five more minutes Good morning, Bonsai Time for a haircut, just a Little off the top Low rumbles within Growing louder, sweating now Where's the toilet, please? I breathe and gasp drenched With earthy scents, I must pause For Monsoon is here This is not a phase The future here is so bleak My heart now is black Army of seedlings Designed for the hoop houses Ready for planting Trees dance with the wind Shades of green make your heart swell Water slakes the ground Deep wheeze I breathe in Cough and cough to no avail For I am the phlegm Back in the office Desk plant survived without me Life will find a way The tone of the wind 'String the voice of the rain' How luxurious? The echoes of screams Passing winds and waving trees The mind is at peace Pow the champagne flows An outburst of emotions Bubbles mix with blood For I am now banned No longer shall I subscribe? Askreddit goodbye Kids think they know more Now they see less, but know more Their youth is no more Soft, intermittent Light flickers between petals Pursuing, troubled mind With no umbrella We ran the rest of the way Such a smelly dog Wind whips through my soul Snows, howl and blow in hatred It's too freaking cold Sand beneath my feet Sun gazing over the sea Now, summer is here Warm, sunshine, cold breeze ( visible signs)hidden love Smiles reveal the source I give you my thanks But good, sir, what you just said? Sorry, I hate it Creaking steps announce The approach of my best friend Paws on hardwood stairs As free as a bird Those feathers will never swim What are your limits? Write haikus for moms 'Cause mom's like nice things too, but Have no time to read The heat grew stronger As I moved closer to her I welcomed the burn I feel in despair So atypical of me Where is my hope now? I am drinking wine My wife left me and the kids Everything is fine Fryid winter stalks Frozens, puddles, stiffens, trees They crack like knuckles Night falls on dark skies Shines as black takes stars dim fate The absence of day Masturbation time I think of terrible things Making my cock hurt The hope that you lit Elluminated my world If only briefly Two ducks glide across Turtle Pond Their Wake Trails merge Together as one I told her my dreams She told me I was selfish I'm devastated Warmness flows around me Cold bitterness flows inside I love shower beer Sundown, the trees bleed The view from behind haunts me Yet keeps me enticed Nice amount of snow Varied backyard jungle gym February sky No one really dies Guess we were never alive Just dead memories I may get the job They called for an interview I need all your prayers My heart it cries out Please just call me your darling So I can feel loved Forced words don't flow true As those that pour from my heart And live on the page Cold air fills my lungs My being is all I know I hear the grass grow I shot a pigeon With it's dying breath, it said Cheep, Cheep, Cheep, Cheep, squawk As dark turns to light The rotation of the earth Good morning, Songbird My house is cluttered Like my mind with memories That I cannot clean The swells had grown and Mal de Mar was heaved into The pitchpoling lake Hairstyle tried at home Some things are best left to pros Now I must wear hats I wish we were brave Pillars of candid discourse I am not that free Rough moustache bristles ' lightly tickle my anus I nut too quickly One too many beers We need a proctologist Sack of cucumbers Grace in each moment Eyes on God is all I need To see perfect love I own four ferrets Lou Blue, Frankie and Freya My sun shines for them Yaking squirrels stretch Flowers, spray, deodorant Is it spring time yet? His break as a kid Predicts the forecast with A Barometer bone All the time you need I'm hardly being patient I don't care at all A map, a compass Even with these things I can't Find my place in you I am so sorry We were never meant to be So you disappeared? I wrote you again I still await your response I still await you My sock seam pokes me I keep fidgeting in bed But find no comfort The future seems bleak The present is challenging Living in the past I just got gut punch Now my pants are full of crap Plowed it down his throat Thoughts flow through my mind Feelings arise in my mind Actor Waking Up! Who are we to be? It is we who should decide Not what's on TV Camera ready Capturing reality Photography fun During a lecture Notes are typed in a flurry I'm eager to learn A beautiful soul Comes from the most damaged heart For Newton's third law Purpose of passion At expense of survival To love what you do You touch me deeply Each mark shaping who I am Ever loving you? Erased from her thoughts The men in black don't come back She stares in silence A rainy Sunday My migrane will pass too late Staring at myself Hard to love you, friend Prayerful for the help I need To remove this fence Warm spring evening breeze Suns, sweet rays on face and buds A leaf grows here now Even while I am Gazing at the horizon I still think of her My days overfilled Your love gets me through it, Lord All my trust in you It is so peaceful Under the warm, blocky sun Minecraft is lovely Hate online dating Infinite swiping and typing Can't make it work Fear fades from thy sight Like spring snow on quiet night You are alive now Dying fish don't bounce Just watching blue seeing through Wondering what counts? Meaningful haikus Makes you think about your life's Biggest hopes and fears Apart for too long Distance is the real problem And an easy fix Glistening blue eyes Her warming smile thaws my heart Do I take the leap? Below snow capped peak An ice swollen stream growing Rebirth shoots appear The animal laughs You can't keep it in control No, nut November I miss you, my friend Let me share my troubled mind No one else gets me Trial and error Failure is nothing to fear Here we go again Sometimes I think that Everyone in the world is Gay, except for me Time races forward Another month approaches As we ignore doom My dearest nation I will fly like an eagle To be free of thee My feelings, they hurt A hug right now would be nice I miss you, come back New ice cream maker How did you land at good will? Probably a breakup Let peace be with us Always constant, never gone A little boy's dream A real detective Yellow and adorable Searching for the truth As the stars slide by And the years gather their pace My love keeps growing Lonely, sad young girl I'll be your bosom friend too Anne of Green gables In a pond of ice Lotus, spirits, sleep and dream Of spring's arrival The sky had reset The air started to darken My head low, I cried I sent a haiku To a poetry contest Please give me your votes No satisfaction Desires satiated The trap of Mara Such uncertainty If this is to leave, then leave Colour falls from trees Smoke, piggybacks, wind Glittering just like the sea Sunrise is witnessed Time with you, priceless Your smile and words fabulous Such a memory Ding your name pops up Not my problem anymore Quickly deleted Looking in your eyes I know that I am ready You're the one for me New growth quickly blooms Only to be whisked away By winter's cold wind Spike into my arms The stench of plague is here, son You will be safe here Positive outlook It will get better someday Need to live for now Cat with the beanies Paws are so soft and fluffy It makes me happy The trees are alive They tell s many stories Close your eyes, listen Now that work is done I celebrate by mowing The overgrown lawn Each being a mulch With a spirit seed sleeping Spike, reach for the sun Killing them softly Pretty flowers in the field (Neagles) In their arm Measured steps through snow A thousand memories fall Melching in the spring Shitty, short poem Thanks for letting me hide my Quiet, ugly thoughts My blood donation Transported in the woods by Red Cross mosquitoes Life is wonderful My room, my clothes and my bag Smell like falafel Chating on my phone Like I have nothing to do Just to talk with you A familiar voice Blowing music through the pines Stands there silently Atlantic Plumbing The secret life of cables Designing a whale? Attracted chaos Respawned copious adventures Left minds in Maelstrom Thirty five years old Slow suicide by bottle My only brother I am in a daze The streets and people have changed Why must this be so? I need to let go Do I do this on my own? Or wait for your help Love does not disperse It flows freely and transforms All that it touches A tree fell today Its roots crawled from underground It was once human Yearning for a time Eternally naive when Leaves begin to fall I also write raps Play with my words, I be like Haikus can be trap Salty breeze, skims, waves The auburn orb slowly melts Sea and sand hold hands Why do you frogs croak? You are keeping me awake I'm calling the cops Coast Guard, sailing south Thunder over providence [Brants] Huddle ahead Bonsai in the pot Beauty and Moss all over Sowbug, take a walk Scooching hot summer Sandlot baseball, baby Ruth Now run for your life Humanity bleeds Forever and unchanging Yet we refuse death The depths of the night Hidden thoughts rise from Bellow A long night indeed The students argue Each their case for blue or red Then wind up in bed So when I awoke? I cleared my eyes, then my mind Awaken, I saw you School feels like torture Debt amps pressure to succeed All to become slaves You're totally lost A strange region on the web Off the beaten path The storm took them all The blank earth waits in silence Only clouds remain Lotterie winner People exploit loneliness Picking at my bones? [Puzzleing] In my head Aaching from within the brain I wish for a nap In a world falling I am losing my footing Can my mind hold on? Dig into deep blue It's soothing and refreshing Clean, body and mind Which is which we say No question before you ask In this perfect tao Sometimes we fall down It's often hilarious Except when it's me Hey, do you have milk? White gold from Bovine allies My breakfast is wet Poor service today Turned to another with hope Can you forgive me? Porcelona Fingers Trace Hearts on Faked Bedsheets Wishing they were skin Does this still ring true? Am I a sand dune or man? I embrace the sand A leaf falls from branch The beginning of the end The world dies with it Oh, dear Mother Earth My, oh, my, she suffers so Just to punish us Strict, alcoholic A light, bright fog remembers At the perfect bridge Full suitcase, all packed If I only had the dough I'd still do nothing A little closer Be a little quieter The gentlest touch Crude truths, silky lies We each have a favourite And one we despise There is a ladder This ladder has no ending Why not stop climbing? Took a little stroll To the corners of my mind Found my dusty self This summer morning Cutting through a thousand trees The screech from a hawk They fell deep in love Under the full moon one night After their first kiss A summer cooler Abrusally awakened for Their winter fortress Soft breeze filled the air Melancholic mood sets in It started to rain Fresh air and sunshine A relaxed morning with friends Breakfast with the birds Coffee and cigar Cool breeze blows birds, chirp bees buzz Summer vacation A fresh first, sweet sip Cleans my messy morning mind Oolong gong fu cha? I try to grasp you I pull yet, you slip away Damn stupid nose hair Oh, how wonderful The path beneath the tree tops While the spring rain talks Your way before me How I need help to walk it? Each step forward, please Temple bells die out The fragrant blossoms remain A perfect evening Hearts beat together Closer with each new second Train over green fields When women tell you Chivalry is dead, just say Those are some nice tits I am ecstatic The twilight force have returned Life has meaning now Waning gibbous moon I reflect upon my age And the paths I took You can't rush Haiku Hurry the fuck up, Haiku! Turns out I was wrong A leaf has one life A destined life, no escape Best lived in sunlight What do I do now? Fori do not understand Please, someone help me Watching dishes dry What's the word I'm looking for? Procrastination Blue skies swallowed up The darkness encroaches me Snakes surround my feet Whoa is what I said? Booty, an amazing view While she gives me head Lost numb gelid blood God pours holy kerosene Warmness seized her that night Sharp eyes, spot movement Salmon, glisten, shallow stream Is their future safe? I can't remember The days when you cared for me I miss your embrace Relief starts to come Paid in tears and words with friends Hope begins again Growing before you Has been awkward and painful I might be done soon Little winter birds Chattering amongst themselves Outside my window Isolated here Far grime, family and friends Afuser is smart Long years, my colleague A part of every word Molar for the tongs If the planet Earth Was one big cultural site Would there be no war? All the bees and trees Won't lament even briefly? Human extinction My candle has died The dull, slow burning incense Is all I have left? The angel's cold tears Call for the land's protector But no one answers In the open fields The blind scarecrow keeps close watch Standing not in vain Cold, use your pockets But Daddy, they're full with what Fast cars and mittens Unlocking the doors A thief had stolen in and Stole Paradise! Painting your portrait I gyrate my hips and howl Canvas remains blank Alien, I am Anunnaki, Deity Won't they abduct me? A salty winter Forecasting a salty spring Sweeping off the snacks Freezed travelers Welcome, a warm companion No cream or sugar Reaching for the sun But only grabbing sunlight Nice try, Icarus I cut my own hair Reporting for duty, sir Too damn short again Grass is so grassy Grass is also very green The grass is shiny You gotta be safe You're in charge of your own health Just keep your distance A perfect surprise Success instead of setback Prayer answered,'love' Two, oh, one seven We laughed, cried, loved, lived and served Next passcatch the ring Brief exuberance Purple, Jacaranda tears Paint the old footpath Fireworks fill the sky And the excited children Watch television I like most women Plum, sweet and begging for cream Thank you very much Her eyes are wet coins Too many they're drowning me I hope she leaves soon Twisted thorn branches Look over my desert seat My puddle of shade The burden of life Thrusted upon all who's born To live or not to Mind fog, heart racing Anxious, not aware of cause Offormed dosage woes Pain as my pleasure Cold, hard steel, thrust to my heart The final climax She screamed out, oh, God I know she's an atheist She must not hate this You cry for the storm? You cringe and curse the thunder Yet you run outside I'm not listening I screamed, jumping in the pool Just drowning you out Each wave casts shadows On the next repeating Us from memory A hushed droning din Distinct keys, clack and phones ring A belly rumbles I claw my chest out Inside, I hope to find her But just a dead bird It feels so hopeless They don't believe I can fly I will prove them wrong Candy canes are good Candy canes can be sharpened Use it as a shank Alone afloat I'm Dead to you and to myself You never loved me Pretty little girl You say while I smile sweetly? Plotting your murder Words inside my mind Always be true to yourself Advice to myself Low rumbles within Growing louder, sweating now Where's the damn toilet? Your sacrifices For all you love remembered Thanks, happy birthday Follow him around As he's talking on the phone Feeling like dead weight? Eating frozen grapes? Blue polyester bathrobe Last daydreams, then bed Mental health is a Solitary prison cell Or a bubble popped Imagined roadblock Addressed quickly, cleared sunshine Take my hand, let's walk Closed curtains, small bed Slogging subreddits all night A brand new cake day enduring the pain Of the needle stabbing her For beauty not seen A flower of love Stretching toward the sunlight Held fast by its roots One billion flashlights Shine down from the winter sky Over sleeping tents In each moment, you Then I see you more clearly Perfect is your love And here you stand tall Gaze into the dark abyss Step into the void The magic is gone Faded heart burnt to a crisp The old days are gone The nurse nurtures wounds A spy takes reconnaissance Hunter stalks its prey The ultimate scare As earthquakes make mountains shake History repeats Still water at night Deceptively dangerous Stagnated silence I've written love songs For somebody in this world Who has yet to come? Natasha Lyonne Is her spirit animal? I really like that Bluffs awoken Carried by wind and water My eyes float with them A violinist Plays soft, tranquil melodies On strings of catgut She's hot and I'm dumb It's a tale as old as time Here we go again Exchanging glances Sips of laughter and little Private sins we own Sitting in traffic Holy shit, I have to pee Pass me that bottle Misty blue rainfall Your droplets sing a white song I sleep well tonight A kindred spirit A soul I met in Reddit Tells me not to quit Take what you need to To have what it is you want None of it matters Coming and going Whichever way the wind blows? Journey's end unknown I miss Las Vegas The hotels, the awesome pools Darn you dinkleberg? Seven, five, seven Or was it five, seven, five? Subreddit help me Living alone now? Either the days go by quick Or way too slowly There once was a man From Antucket, but he moved Now he lives elsewhere My entire life Supposed dreams in the nighttime Morning approaches Plucked up the courage Spot the girl, ask her out now Can't she's on the phone? Words of defiance Prayerful, your dreams are pleasant Loved you always It's impossible To kiss your rosy red lips Without getting hurt Wind howling outside I'm snug under warm blankets My cat purrs softly The fragile blossoms Flutter about the spring winds The fragrance so strong I can't stand that bloke Peacocking with the red shirt It's the same as mine Heavy, what is it? The stuff that dreams are made of The Maltese Falcon A night on the town The Tuxedo Cat's suit is Ironed on asphalt As diseases go Alcoholism is great Rollicking good time The road to success Lise behind a mountain of Unspoken failures What is happiness? An empty stream coursing through A bottomless well Rainbows fill the sky Begone rain and flood and muck Now the work begins I'm overthinking Just trying to stay afloat But it's not easy A six word story Seven middle syllables Crap wrong, Subreddit Lying on your back Under the shining leaves Summer luxury I'm slowly drowning But there is no one who cares Just let it happen Two parallel lives Running the same hectic race Never to converge Love can be a harsh Reminding of who we are A bruise on my face Watching time fly by How can someone endure this? Sadness engulfs me I have dreams in life But I don't have the money To obtain my goals Life can be funny Without really meaning to It led me to you How much have we changed? How much have we stayed the same? My pens tell stories Counting syllables First five, then seven, then five Again, it's Haiku A brush of the hand Just passers by in the street That's where it began Sky hazed with thick smoke Hard to breathe, itch, scratch and sneeze Reminisce on spring My dog is near me I'm under a warm blanket Ccosy winter night Eyes closed silently A calm breeze drifts through the air Fate bones seek rest I'm a mindless drone It's all out of my control I apologise The conquering teams Are waving their pompoms in? Dandelion Poofs A place of safety Where I can be my true self From a stressful world Ghosts of the Living Scare and sadden me the most Lively, not living I want to wake up To do that, I need to sleep Am I not asleep? I lie here alone I wish I had someone here My usual night I'm a baby bird Just kidding I'm a human Haha, caw caw caw caw? Pale afternoon sun Wavers behind endless clouds Her wet cough returns Coiled inside my head Never have I felt so close Giving up on hope Poker face laundry Concentrating on their cards The loser will fold To my dirtbag, ex I'm not going to call you Rather get Covid A heavy heart sleeps Are these true or false feelings? Only time will tell Not unlike magic Beautiful beings of light Beleuchtung Memory's like sand And endless waves crash ashore Erasing footprints I rise out of bed The sun fills the open room I smell the new day Love is eternal Pain is just temporary Strength sprouts from ashes Unquestionably I do love you forever Thank you, my father Not suicidal I just find death alluring I won't let them down Do not trust robots They were programmed by humans Instructions unclear Reading Haiku book A bug crawls across the page I blow it away Mellifluously Women in the garden sing Vehemently strong Snowfall on fencing Softening the sentence by Blanking the barbs Child as my mirror You reflect my deepest fears I see hope in you The bay at low tide First ospreys of the season Rebuilding their nest Trusting in God's plan It is always the best plan Free to love and serve An old tarnished key Rusts in the stone house's door Yet you keep knocking When che guevara? Opened a massage parlour He called it cherubs My mind on repeat Like an old broken record Singing Disturbation Trick or treat, mister I hunker down with lights off Platom, my reward A breath of fresh air Surrounded by a culture Immersed from within The virus riots Deaths of legends and fires This year's a decade Without any friends Time moves slower than you think It becomes endless Okay, I admit I am committed to you There's nobody else You're a spun yoyo At the end of her fingers But what can you do? I wait for my time Curled up and kneeling alone Death understands me Perched atop a branch The bird sways with the soft breeze Windsurfing in place Cutting edge neon Flashing into your weak eyes The future is bright Wind blows through the trees Do they have some memory? Or just one moment Now I bide my time Tomorrow can wait for me Today is all mine Little house sparrow You cheerful morning person? What is your secret? I cared a lot once And it ruined me so now I don't care at all Fresh, hot and sticky You tasted like Ambrosia I lapped it all up Little did he know? That all it took was her words To fall into life While the threat is real People are losing their minds Coronavirus Warmness spreads in my face As my chest swells just a bit Someone likes my work Blue's eyes, white dragon Is the greatest card in game? Exodia won Trees shrivel from drought The clouds crawl over to weep A red apple drops Accept the hard truth Scrolling is the new smoking And there is no cure Sex sells, but I buy Expression of my true self Addiction, no lie Old cat tells new cat Paw at the round, shiny things This Christmas tree's fun Sun and winding hills He drove, I played online chess Long relaxing drive We had it all wrong Death is really sweet relief From contemplation You don't have to fix All the mistakes you have made Only learn from them Coronavirus Coronavirus, it sucks Coronavirus Hit my messy head Until everything just falls In the right place Don't throw stones at me Or the Mermaids will get you Where is the hallway? Days blur together The unending solitude Keeps me company Thaw my bitter heart Fuck me like the world's ending Make me forget him My brain is broken I can't function normally I'm always sorry You're not on my mind I don't think about you, but Your voice is in it Lizzie Borden stopped And felt her mother's love, but Evil consumed her Don't want to forget A single moment of time We spent together The sea otters float Holding hands in the water Dreaming of oysters? Now to forever Lost her ghost in this forest Trees watch silently Tainted memories Running circles in my head Could they at least walk? You are like the moon An immense forbidden fruit I wish to possess Powder falls from sky Death emerges from it's crypt A new cycle starts A knock on the door But there is nobody home Nobody at all Take me to worship I have come for deathless death Feed me blissful lies Finite bodies ache Shouldering the vast weight of Perpetuality Loved when you are born Nothingness you shall return Time to eat some corn Religious people Jumping through the mental hoops You must be athletes My hands are so clean Unless I touch my glasses Did I eat bacon? The Ashen sky comes I wonder if it will rain I need that soft touch Scrutinizing stares From the ones you thought would care Makes you feel so bare We are just debris In an abyss found somewhere But at least we're found If you hear the birds In the morning as you wake I hope you made it Strong arms hold her tight She screams and fights her captor In the mental ward Just see how we choke On the words which we wish we Had never spoken Anger can consume White hot lava soon to cool Sadness just lingers Ye olde winter shoppe For February, flakes and [licking] icicles Forever silence The moon lights up the night sky I am not alone Piper always paid The final breath still humming It plays us off stage When I lay in bed There's no escape from Storm Clouds In my hollow head Excusement hits hard The Rescue Squad fundraiser Chicken B&BQ? Trampoline at Dusk Ludiculous feet and bouncing hair Sunsets on repeat Morning mushroom dew A deer slips into the mist My dog halts ears up Maths is so boring Derivate's integrals All over my head Her clickety shoes Had men stealing glances at? Their disappointment I love ranch dressing But too much is never good My salad's ruined We breath the same air I fell in love with a ghost You're my afterlife In April we wait From the sky falls the snow flake Sun, come out once more Time slipping away Final rest after sun sets Sleeping without grief Intro music plays Last time on Dragon Ball, Z Kamehameha Today I lost you I feel cold and empty now Because I loved you Scooching desert wind Gerudo King's reject fate Lock up, harsh power I have lived this life Questioning my existence Hope someone listened The day shall soon break Rest while the night is still young Eat bug tomorrow I feel the warm sun I hear the calm ocean waves Summer has begun Tree misses its leaves Yet today the grass is green My coat hangs unused The rain was salty As it ran cold by my lips Fused with my own tears Blue, then grey, then black All through a two by two square I miss the wonder Petting the kitty Hand runs slowly through soft fur Mister, Kitty Purrs Rain drenching the ground Sacrifice begins to creep in Remind overtakes Who talks in Haikus? Writes them online on their phone But not to their spouse Split like old timber No stock left this December Slow fading, ember I need whiskey and Your eyes are the same colour I'll get drunk on them Hide crying in sun Scroll an endless contact list Alone and heavy Village idiot No problem unless it is A global village I am not prepared Going into this last fight Hold onto my hand He'll frozen over A distro by Microsoft Torvalds the victor My mind is worried Cruel snakes inside my place Questions never end Twelve bucks in the bank Loan application denied No one buys my nudes That there is no love I learn eventually Such an idiot Decorum decor I and I alone decide She proudly declared Early kitchen light And early morning coffee Quiet dogs and plants I look through the bars On the rusted iron door See her head resting Sun Rays are always Falling around the desert? It makes my face warm I tried to call you No answer, only voice mail Your voice made me smile Haikus start my day Sometimes blue and sometimes grey But always the same Surging through my veins Who said that Tupac was dead? Music frees his soul Sunshine, hidden well Miserry rains upon us Looking through the gloom The past cannot change You don't owe them what remains Honor their love, live Spring, summer, autumn Winter, spring, summer, autumn Winter spring summer Slow as a glacier Extinction level event We the internet Post men, post women Delivering packages Spreading the disease I lay here awake My eyes glued to the ceiling Damn insomnia A pregnant drop hangs Between this and the patter Love and life are lost My train rumbles past An empty baseball di'mond Kids kiss near first base Thank God for sweat pants All day eating frozen foods From my air fryer Surrounded by grass The silence is delicate So vast yet so full I don't like Haikus I mean, they don't even rhyme Like seriously Have a book to read Thousand emotions arise All in a page, Bind You're always around I can't get a break from you Just get the fuck out Let's get Lyrical May be more satirical Brain so whimsical Will never forget Although I probably should Brighter times ahead The hills are rolling Nature is so beautiful The grass is flowing Iceberg memories Break away on currents of DeMension floes Christmas time is here Time to wrap a hundred gifts Will I get any? Green Garden bucket Half full of yesterday's rain Frogs at home, croaking Ass red like baboon Sumpf ass apocalypse now Gimme that goldbond Growth is always earned A fool wanders aimlessly Plan action reflect Blue flowers, red thorns Donkey, where is the princess? Get out of my swamp Please donate money I'm homeless, sir, please don't leave But why what's a simp? Somebody like you There is no one quite like you I only want you The moments right here Look around, you can't miss it Wait, where did it go? A leaf flutters by Distracted from its one home It will die alone A walking taco Smashed chips with meat cheesebooze Then I'm smashed on couch A porcelain vase Colourful flowers and green Synthetic nature Seconds to decades Perplexingly cloudy Where am I going? Silence, I sit still How long unsure piano? Notes suddenly ring I am not ready For this or anything else So please, wait for me Whirlwind of nothing A blender of loneliness Smoothee of myself Yet you still smoulder An untamed blaze for all souls Gifted mystery Breath in, hold, breathe out Feel the air, enter your soul Repeat until calm My chest is still warm From the last hug you gave me My eternal spring I wrote this poem The gatekeeper frowns delete Smug satisfaction Summer cheeks flushed red His flesh, that of a stone fruit Full, I consume thee My cat weighed two stone Yet the Hummingbirds still know The branches she reached How can such beauty? Becoming simply forgotten A thing of the past 'Sale as always Only my tears touch the ground As life fades away Eighteen years have passed Sharp blue sky with no contrails A deep sad autumn You look like art when? You smile in my direction Priceless, beautiful Old wooden gate slams Startled a young Crow takes flight Wakes me from a thought Asking for a friend Online means more than one thing Shame or loneliness The sadness I feel Is one I have never felt? Make it go away Bird of paradise My nest was not enough, but You left a feather? Just watched the Oscars No one was running the show Much like the White House [Floating] Slowing down Falling drifting deeper now Sleep and rest your crown [Whisper of Roses] The winds carried it to her Hands, hide her red checks They're talking to me But they don't say any words They speak in colours Ground, dark, roasted beans Wafting aroma, caffeine A cup, steaming hot [Laughing Spirits] High Reconnecting old lost friends With dry wood crackling I will always be Your house plant stuck and waiting For you to come home The wiggles were right Fruit salad, yummy, yummy Best part of summer Doggo says hello I want to boop that sniffer And tickle those ears A red rose rises Out of the thick milky black Bathed by your shadow My laundry pocket Holded September's note when the Acorn had dropped in Carry me to depths But let me not dwell in them I still want to hope It bitterly aches To love somebody that hates Someone that you love They claimed it was hard I watched it destroy their grades I have no regrets Up in the far sky The big star is shining bright I think I miss you Always do your best Won or lost follow the way Leasons learned, repeat Mixing a drink with? Holy water unabsolved The sins that follow Am I but the wind? Quickly blowing through your leaves Then stillness again When I was younger I told the moon and the stars All of my secrets Not a wordly care Beyond that of eat sleep drink Can I be a cow? Short set of haiku For all of you to enjoy Please read the full post Time has become a Homogeneous mixture Tempooral smoothie The scent in the air The loneliness consumes me Am I strong enough? A laugh made of wax And a house made of butter Melted that summer Did we connect, friend? Love exchanged, but Joy escaped Hope carries us forth Was it all a dream? I most certainly hope not That was happiness I was in half sleep Flash glimpse of light manifest Arm, sleeve, strange device All eyes diverted To a turquoise bikini Shifting on the sand The nurse nurtures wounds Spy collects reconnaissance Hunter stalks his prey Fast and short and sweet Is how to write a haiku? Short attention span A happy life is Lived in perfect accordance With its own nature We all have soul mates Some are friends, some are lovers Some are kind strangers If the world's a stage Why do I feel like a prop? Bring on the last act Dreams in a snow globe Unkonventional romance Life has been shaken Mercy, forgiveness Drop the stone and walk away Now follow the lamb Raven looks at me I still stare back wondering If I see his ghosts Midnight bells call her I'm left with a glass slipper She does not want back Soft winds sway the pines And Mossy Oaks wave goodbye As the sun retreats A piece of her soul Slid off her shoulder today No one bat an eye The trade winds whispers Making the leaves and trees dance Breathing life to them Some people like to Create their own storms, then get Arrord when it rains It's been some time, friend Should I call you that, let me? Introduce myself We fight Cuz, we're bored We are circling talking Look for openings What do we put in? The post's description below Mogami River Stage two cancer, but? A dedicated teacher Classes continue Say that I'm not me I'm the one who said that, though Wow, that's too deep, man Last turn of the moon Luna fed round above looms I will be home soon World Poetry Day Even the magpie's squawking Has become haiku Year nineteen sixty Thou shall not speak a promise Of going to church The sad romantic Cries himself to sleep tonight Without shedding tears Before going blind I wish to see Aurora Dancing in the sky Sweat rolling down, brow Pavement reflects scorching heat Outdoor weightlifting Need encouragement Making myself positive I want happiness Constant discussions We never seem to agree Still laughing loudly For the manicure Trimmed and polished by the sun The moon left a tip Sour mandarin Your sweetness quickly faded Yet peelings remain What a great burden Honesty becomes such pain The lies continue Sun hit me like a Brick, who the fuck dropped the sun? Some rascal, that's who If I learned to hate It might not feel like my fault I wish you loved me How many times, Lord? How many times will I stray? And you come find me My therapist said I should not post on Reddit I just don't listen Of rain and seasons Of rivers, birds and of trees Haiku, not Senryu Harrful, melancholy accompanied by regret No abolishment I wrote a haiku About a kite because I Am as high as one I saw the reaper At the bottom of each glass Each refill more grim Little Birds sing songs They are very full of life One day it will end You grew up around Some toxic people I will Never forgive them Drink and smoke to cope Bury my heart, six feet deep Let time fill the hole Many songs to sing As a jailbird eyes the cage Can you hear the tweets? Falling out of reach Noodles are so slippery But Ramen is good Lasagna for lunch Clear skies, white clouds and slow jazz Canicular blues Heart knows what it wants I dream of love and romance But wake up alone My own favorites Autobiographical My stories, my lies Stupid human race Missing giant space rocks? The greatest filter God's architecture Thoughts unattended alone Palatial estates Imagine we all Said only using Haiku succinct eloquence O mother, my queen I miss the warmth of your womb Wish I died in there Her boyfriend is home Her eyes light up like the moon I reach for my pants Three in the morning I awake to him staring Unblinking at me Golden Aura cat Will you please light up my way? Push me through the dark I will fail this class One more year that goes to waste It could not be worse The absurdity Of people thinking they know Anything at all? The god is yet born Dark will continue to grow With collective might Today I lost you But more like a year ago I had lost myself A stable mindset Balance is bliss in the storm Continue searching Watching the sun rise Something awoke within me My indigestion I talk myself up Perception's always biased I am full of shit I hope to see you As I walk round the corner But you're never there Warm sun, children play Filled with thanks and Easter Joy A peak of heaven Fleeting form of joy Gone in a blink of an eye Ethereal you Tonsil surgery No hot, no cold, no solid And I got fired Smooth sip of whiskey His glass clinks on the table He quiets his mind Spring rumination False friendships like a foul seed Costs sower nothing Blue picture language Rain mothers bare their gray breasts Sky blood shadows through The first step is hard It is the most important Or is it the next? On a sunlit street Passing beneath the blossoms Distinct music plays Lone loon floats at night Dire plaintive call to his mate Where are you, my love? Driftwood upon stone Like a fist raised in the sky [Opaline] Eyes blink You live in a land I am forced to abandon When my eyes open Real or illusion What happens to a moment? Changed by memory The moon, a phantom Orange shifting, wavering Swimming in brandy Staring at the wall My melatonin working Sleep is approaching Do you remember? Good times, bad times love we shared Bonds of love renewed Is spring not just an? Erawakening of the Earth From near Lethal Dream What a long way down? I am tired of the climb Tell my friends goodbye Water flows, cascades Rocks tower in shade and light Drama yet tranquil Moonbeams flood the room Sleepless nights are nothing new Be brave,keep going A quiet river Salmon, jump up, waterfalls A bear gets a snack The accusing eyes In taxidermy, mounts are Glaring at the guns Which face will I wear? And what truths will I tell you? I don't know myself My toes curl up tight (Grippling) Ancient tree branches When your seed is sown The sky is still dark Don't wake me up so early Going back to sleep? A summer cooler Tied in to pack the blocks for A winter fortress Moisterias buzz near Sticky red strawberry hands Swift sting of sweetness Early summer rain The lonely horror of life Mud pours in the street I want to go back I liked my self way better Back back in the past Innocence incensed Teachers, parents and preachers All they say is nice Depression hits hard I struggle with living well One day at a time To be immortal Cryogenically frozen I awake in space Yes, I am in love There I said it, I love you I love you, goodbye A forest of trees For the Nazis have been Sprinking up in lots The lungs of the Earth Lay motionless and silent In a box outside Starving baby bird Nobody will come for you Choose your end and fly Awoke at midnight Thunder banging at my door Zeus is drunk again I am allowed privs A monitored desktop job No, deodorant Self conscious morning A little Joe, little Jane Breakfast sausages It was the night time A welder in the train yard All the sparks flying I see trees of green Red Roses, too, I see them Bloom for me and you (Usename: Sunset) Then over the horizon Throwaway account Unless you know me I appear to you, my friend A contradiction Gone in an instant I know I'll still think of you Threes fall knowing truth Why does every? grocery store manager Choose to wear a vest Made by milkweed for The King of Caterpillars The monarch, Muffler It is sad, but true That bitter experience Makes great poetry Two of three lines done Poetic constipation Finishing is hard Crush them, crush them all Until they turn to diamonds Pure unyielding clear Savor your time here For it will deplete quickly Live without regrets I walk through the past The streets are filled with color Somehow they're still dull Do not even try To make me go there outside I am having class Severage and calming A cooling breeze brings relief This hot summer day The clock keeps turning I made it another year I'm disappointed Wahn up with a kiss Just to find I was alone Affection rehab As I grow older The child in me slips away I fight to hold on Urgent nighttime strides Caged red lights activated Rain pelts a lone pane Accept these feelings For they are temporary And life will move on Seeds in hand,planted Furtherment and harvestyours Such joy in your work Freya, I beseech My internal war rages Love lost, I am lost This bat soup is good Oh, no, the whole world is dead Coronavirus Tears of wax aflame Condescending steadily down A crying candle Don't fear truth concealed A sea of irrelevance That's where truth will drown Shall I compare thee? To a summer's day, Alas It shall not be done You jumping on me? Covered in pink polka dots No reason, but love Don't know what it means To be a human being I know what it's like Sitting here, I be Writing this haiku for you Hoping for some praise Hitler, as you know Came from a whole family Who used to hitle? Always you lead me My footprint in your imprint With each step, there's love Do you remember? I know I am late to this Love changes the mind Having hit submit Your anonymous applause The author awaits The morning birdsongs A delightful melody Music to my ears Nazis on the run They live in Argentina Let's leave them alone My penis fell off So my hot glue gun fixed it Now I am crippled I'm a courier I help Santa at Christmas Never once said thanks I had to tell him A secret I was hiding He was not my son Then there was your smile Then my life changed forever Then my soul sang'thanks' Men and honesty Although not complete strangers Can pass each other Old age pads your mind Like fat and bad memories Hard to get rid of Is that all you have? A blackberry lemonade A tart empty life Change begins right now Let music and dance commence Coordination These wonderful things Are misery within to? Those who possess them Since mum passed away My whole world is upside down Where are the clean clothes? Cool mornings, embrace Splashing dew in the sunlight Thoughts of you linger Afraiding sadness My love seeks another yet The ocean is calm Invisible bricks Construct imaginary Blockades with purpose Suddenly I smile As we stare at the sunrise Because I met you Fluorescent flickers Bare feet cold on the roadway Enough headed fool Chrysanthemum, Bod Accepting all of the bees How indecent you? I find this girl cool Texting her is like a dream I kinda love her I'm in love with you I carry on like I'm not I'm hurting myself Bass line walks and talks With my headphones on, I smile Listening to jazz? You are more than just Those arbitrary labels That you hide behind The bloated green leaf Shudders in the utmost fear Of cold northern winds Camping in autumn Awakened by falling leaves Landing on my face On the porch one night I helped him to cry by just Silently rocking Crowd of witnesses So we areservants also Filled with hope and joy The sun keeps rising To teach us the meaning of Road slush and red lights How to milk almonds? Step one, gather all your nuts Step two, buy real milk Ambulance, siren For whom does it hurry now? It hurries for me Somebody saved me From myself, I go through life With my eyes wide shut Cold, lifeless sleep ends Animals slowly emerge Earth reawakens How unnatural? Are all the crowded places? With no one around Poetry, my art Can't draw nor paint, sing or dance Words are all I have This generation Fingers in bad, bad places Electronica Dancing in the wind Thin and fragile in the end Go begin again Drawing herself close His shoulders tense on the seat They are not lovers Home in a vowel And a scrubby consonant Spelling out sparrows Autumn winds blow hard Loud rain announces each spring Winter snow falls mute Night fades with first light Sun's returning, it's all right Time for a haiku Still in the present Moving toward the future Rewinding the past Terrified of this Demon that keeps haunting me You will not best me Giving to strangers Spreads faith in humanity You are loved, my friend Share in happiness It's the good times that will stick Get over yourself Jade Green, Navy Blue We wait alone together A sunrise from you Forever itching The river swirls and stretches Beating for a scratch? Turning into dust With the moon under my feet I'm getting older The forsaken day Many raiders assemble Run like Naruto I cut off his hand Pleading I reveal the truth I am your father The nighttime thunder Frightens, animals and birds My peaceful slumber Like kissing stardust I become engulfed by you Stomaching me whole Autumn leaves falling Barcen trees under grey clouds Unfilled until spring Inspired by you I prepare to teach and share Thank you, Lord Jesus A bright shooting star You flew through my bleak dark life I miss your warm glow My own reflection Fades away into the glass With each sip I take There's a wasp in here Leave and I will let you live Please do not sting me My heart beats for her The one who can give me life The one who takes it The pain stays hidden So they might live their lives, right? I gladly suffer Pale afternoon sky A breeze invites trees to dance Wind, chimes sing along Pain in your body Desperation in your soul Beauty still within Voice sweet like honey Fluttering heart when eyes laid You are my one wish The heavens shine down Constables drawn by man Stories to be told Of the stages five Denial is the most fun Ignorance is bliss The false friends stalk you The snakes constantly deceive Crush them underfoot Aimless wanderer A soul without home or kin An unwanted stray Watercolored skies Reflect off the stepping stones Lighting the cat's face End the day outside Wasted the watercolor Suppose I'll need more Sky spouts of water From which cloud villages drink? To quench their dry throats Refrigerator Refrigerator again Refrigerator You won't hold me now Yet still my clipped wings will hurt Must you hold me down? All of life's lessons Start with a single step In the unknown Ecstacy at work Makes it hard to concentrate But my desk feels cool Writing worth reading Pouring ink onto pages A life worth living Heavenly fragrance Drifts through mild breeze, what is it? Ah, Hyacinth Blooms I long for it so Your touch and delicate taste Yet you pull away In my sleep, I dream Dreams of life scenarios Imperturbable An orange sky rose Deep purple and quiet blue Fade away for day Breath taken away Heart now seems to be racing Can't believe my eyes So many projects Filling my day blessed, am I? Thanks for the help, Lord Sparks in velvet dark Beautiful, enchanting, bright Memories of you Cars are passing by Always eager to go back This road takes us home Beyond meat burger Small French fries and small iced tea Beyond basic lunch Now I see the point No more running after smoke Danced with the flames Forget emotions Erase lingering feelings Sweet, sweet catharsis Goddess of the Sleep How long will you hide from me? Show up, embrace me Look into my eyes A fallen king with no throne I am a tyrant In isolation Date night is facials and wine Maybe a foot rub Digital scrolls lost Bytes cascade as grains of sand Dunes line the landscape The mountains will rise The shadows will grow with them Bathing us in black A thousand lifetimes Of sin glass stained with crimson Bloody sunrise dawns Twoths of planets Think of all the love stories A universe full United in faith Brief steps to eternity Always love for you Your love gives me strength I stumble and you are there Lord, such perfect love Holding his great bow He strides down the mountainside Vengeful, Apollo Dark clouds split apart A warm presence is now felt As light bathes the world At the DMV Everyone waits far too long Wait, did I miss it? Dark end of tunnel Not seeing light in future Learn to live alone Things are getting real Instead of burning too bright We simmer each night This is beautiful Holding your perfume fingers Looking at nature Wrong up from the womb The previous life was just A terrible dream Small drops fall wetly Could this be a spring shower? No sunshine cuts through Humid lighting storm Summer in San Francisco The apocalypse Winter Marine fog Condensing life into death Near a pumpkin patch Lightning decided For no apparent reason To hit the old man I'm afraid to love I've been torn too many times Just leave me alone Can't negotiate Your release because fool you Took yourself hostage Mole constellations Cosmos ever expanding? Love you, anyway Caught in summer rain Running to hide, but laughing 'Cause we are in love With one single snap The sub perfectly balanced As all things should be A turn of events That makes very little sense Possessions A muted panic People are leaving quickly Somebody coughing I called my boss, Dad My boss is not my father Going home early? Unexpected change A mountain creek springs from stone Wonder where it flows Why is it always? The best of us that get hurt No one notices I can't sing or draw But at least I have Haikus To express myself Manly suicide Is the struggle up the path? To meet the reaper One for the bucket And one for both of the bails Who will carry whom? Autumnal essence Sweet scent of summer fading Winter foreboding Walking in the dunes Following paths made by Deer Hoof prints in the sand Splashes of red blood Lumps of dark bruises from pain Murdered by artform Love's a funny thing Say you mean the world to them And then someone else Look to the future Tomorrow, learn Mandarin Afterwards, speak gold I sit on the lawn Beer in my hand, a cold one I watch the fireworks Your words embraced me Such joy filled my heart and soul Fixed in memory When was the last time? That you looked for something new Are you even there? My sweet birdy girl Lying cozy on my lap What do you dream of? Breaking bread with friends Wine flowing like Crimson tide A breath of fresh air Five feet separates My computer from my bed My daily commute I do have good friends But one thought just makes me blue No one's really here In this day and age You cannot trust anyone Always turn your back An ember light casts Relief in emerald whispers A floral perfume It has been some time Rainclouds were discipating The storm gets closer My mare keeps me up She trots across tired eyes Sweet mare of the night wasting time with tech Life too short for these issues Can I walk away? The moon has risen Beaming down to guide my way Lost but found but lost A world divided Under the differences Look for common ground An askreddit post Question is, what love feels like? Do I even know? Memories of youth Hopes and dreams we shared my love For now, forever Ya'll want a haiku You want a fucking haiku? Well, then there you go Sporting a black eye And snuffing out the sun while The moon took over When sweet evening comes I feel my life exhaling I bask in gladness Everything changes The way I feel about life Changes everything Stones smooth to the touch Have all been smashed and worn down? By the Earth's rivers Like a house of cards My cultivated habits Have fallen apart Binge watching Kung Fu On Amazon Prime TV Oh, those seventies My motivation Flickers like a dying light Bright one day then dim Bad leads to okay? Okay, leads to good, then great This is a haiku We can only hope That a dark reddit ui Now brightens the mood Blood vessels branch out From frozen hearts and grey flesh Black trees of winter Hear the cicadas So alien and haunting Like a waking dream The space is so big Bindless possibilities Makes me feel so small Your thoughts kept private How I long to share with you? Love tears, bridge the gap Fout mouthed chain smoking Hard drinking crazy red hair Punk, rock fucking love The littlelest corpse Was not the slowest around Others had lost legs New toilet paper One question must be answered Under or over Socially distanced Wishing I could hug you all I miss human touch Through the panes of glass The light is out of the eyes It shines in the heart She has no money Christmas will be hard this year With three mouths to feed Still, waters disturbed Concentric ripples shimmer A surfacing loon Run through your soft hair Dig into your rough tanned skin Get lost in your eyes Ultimate cuddles Let's become octopuses No bones, only beaks As the city sleeps Silence grows the air freshens Perfect for deep thoughts Best friend or girlfriend I have so many girl friends In love with them all Life is breathtaking Like a vine around my throat Time for some pruning The cloud drifts aloft Who knew a mountain could be? A feather also I am Hangover The thought of booze makes me sick Happy New Year friends Open the door, babe I'm sorry for everything Please just let me in Possessions Innocence in the real world Probabilities Big, sweaty penis Slapping around in my ass Oh, no, I'm shitting Yes, yes yes, yes yes No, no, no, no, no no Probably been done Dreaming of success Wishes of being debt free Where do I begin? I am no poet I write Haiku though sometimes Pretendious at best Tonight, the moon mourns Wind sweeping her thin gray veil Discloses her sorrow Pursuing walls of steam Hot soap just went through my thighs Hands tight on the wall April amplifies Curbing the volume for the Music of songbirds Massive angry beasts Out for blood and nothing else Creativity of nightmares I was a moonbeam Shining on a plastic bag Old ripped and dusty I can feel it too So what am I waiting for? I'm afraid of you You need to believe I need to learn trust again We once had the two Bees bumble above Grass bends beneath necks and knees Let's become honey Are your nipples free? Somebody asked me online I told him they were Starshine Horizon This gravity can save us Breaking the red shift The ruler of hell Eye of the witch at the graves The King of Diamonds This is how she bleeds Bright red drops on a white floor Pretending all's well Start of my haiku This haiku might not make sense This does not make sense Moving is pointless I have always been this way Slipping through the cracks How anxious am I? To see black powdery smoke Poison the blue sky Yellow flicked to red A preposterous distance Gunned it anyway Let's burn everything Tim, where'd you put the lighter? You left it at home An image of trees The rain starting to move by Quiet cicadas A child's bicycle Upended in the backyard Reechoes of laughter A life is fleeting Just like the falling blossom Allow the scatter Been feeling so low But it cannot hurt us now I don't give a fuck A cold, stormy night Rain has washed away the day Fresh start tomorrow You don't owe the past The only thing that lingers Is your wasted time? Desert and mountains What lay between us is vast Today you felt close Buffet for bunnies All you can eat vegetables Fenced off in the yard There is a darkness Ach, just below the surface Just fighting for air Tears flood down my cheek Meaningless to your cold heart I pray to be free And then the sun set The light from a million stars Brought tears to my eyes God will pay for this That deceitful piece of shit Wipe it off the earth A summer evening Trash TV, popcorn and you Put you phone away Heart flutters each time You spare a moment for me? Too late, see your ring You me together? Staring at the moonlit sky Heartbeats are in sync Hard at work, I sleep In the hazel lilac shade Extended lunchbreak Only those without Wings can defy gravity Some skies aren't enough Thin howling pressure In the pit of my stomach Plummet to concrete Red ribbon draping All down the arch of her back She is so lovely In the cool water The moon cuts a white ripple The calm of the night It is a long quest Millions of teas and teapots Find yours be happy Deep breaths of warm air Barbeques and wet pavement Parfum of summer Her lipstick was red What colour was her dress red? Her shoes, too, were red Reading poetry By people I've never met It keeps me alive Action Washing salty cars in spring Flurries in three days Bread and circuses Surround me both of my sides There is no escape The leaves start to change Pumpkins begin to ripen Year draws to a close Wet season arrives With muddy hems and soft groans Black umbrellas bloom Organization Getting syllables correct Careful verse Once upon a list Of my most frustrating things Watching my son sweep A melody in To another flows a third Divine counterpoint Here we are again Another fork in the road Are you still coming? Each passing second Will mean a minute longer I can barely sleep Formulating plans Exit strategy of sorts Slowly, but surely By myself again Will you keep me company? To get through this night Life is but a whim For beauty is to behold Death, the final breathe Poor, lonely bluebird A full life of skipping trees Full of leaves and stays Adulting is hard No trophies for being real All you get are scars Good morning, I lie You leave, don't say I love you Ah, marital bliss Solitary bee Make a home between my ears An old light fixture My life is a waste I knew it was from the start I want to go home Nothing seems to last Evening star, you come so fast Roads wear a white mask I used to like it My writing voice really did But then I heard yours Waiting for so long He'll come back for me one day Drunky, doctor A conversation Of how I met you today Warm notion, respond When debugging code? My time is tracked by counting The mugs of coffee A still harvest moon Flutters over the lagoon Where a duck jumped in? Sometimes I kiss you To steal some of your chapstick I hope that's OK Absolutely still Not one leaf moves in the heat Indian summer A fresh start is nigh A little slice of death, no? Then new life at dawn Dark at five o'clock It seems like daylight savings Account has no funds Blood is on your hands Want your freedom so you can Delight in my death Victory Coffee Torture me and rebuild me I love big brother The dork in my heart Brings me joy and ecstasy This girl is just love Amber is so rad She makes me feel really good I really love her Enough recliner And dark television screen Constant reminders boo, did I scare you? It's me I'm the living dead Happy Halloween Earlier today A small decoration sleeps A ceramic duck A lonely rose lives Though old leaves begin to fall Now a new bud grows Petal bliss is yours Breathless at a moment's thought Never shall we touch? Water filled with mud Only reflects distortions Fragmentary truths This calm valley path The breath of the spring winds cool This path has stories It comes from nowhere To torture me with its shade The thought of death stays Multiple choice test What does future hold for me? A b c or d Always hating me Forever resenting me Never forgiving Spiders, siphon, screams Morning showers come to pass Insects crave a voice Subwayless clouded skies Cloak the deep autumn sunset Wet leaves cling to wool Midsummer sunlight [Bushs into the garden cove] Bare skin bathed in gold Dreams are effortless Which is why dreaming is more Popular than work This beautiful life Full of wonder and intrigue Always amazes I begged for mercy But all I heard was silence While I bled to death Waiting for something Such as a conversation To start or something Richard, the world is Even when isolated To have you in it I long to see stars But I live in a city There's no starlight here A bittersweet night Clearing my head in a park Need to clear my heart Get back on your game In the lengthening of days And run out your hit Shrinking myself to Make the love you give me seem Plenty and complete Thousand sparkling suns Grease me on my morning walk Dew drops on grass tips I rolled all your socks Folded your clean underwear Happy Valentines Twenty six minutes I've cried out and chipped away No one seems to care Let us run away Out where no one can find us We'll laugh at the world Pleasure turns to chore Once unique, it's now routine And time rages on He said, Come and see As the seal broke, I embraced Changes are coming The world keeps turning I can feel it, turn away Was I ever there? Trying too hard is Envious of loveliness Wearing modesty Encrypted sonnets Scrawled in old sidewalk Patois Whisp'ring my vices Round and round, you go Pressed into the grooves you sing Pursuing my soul I feel things deeply But speaking in emotions Always makes me choke I carry your words Erased on paper, brain and heart Tattooed on my soul Thoughts start to regress Too far down in the abyss Embraced by darkness The bud disappears To let the blossom break through Death rewards living A river willow Under it, the waters pool Perfect reflection Well, hello, Reddit I have written a haiku And you have read it The blue light special Reservations are made for Appearing in court Summer boils the blood Fools, let it go to their head Cool down with a drink What's this, a toilet? No, we like shitting outdoors This is India If your erection Lasts longer than four stories Call your contractor I can't fall asleep The faces in the window Are waiting to pounce Starving baby bird Nobody will come for you Choose your end, amd fly Why the resistance? To the thoughts I have of you We use to be close Though truth deeply cuts Clarity with heartfelt warmth Is my wish for you? Feather fur and fin Witnesses to deity Is all creation? A little tyrant With bleached bones in a neat row Celebrating death? Sugar maples tapped Slow sap drips into buckets Sap boiled makes syrup Snow falls quietly Silence is all that is heard Warm vapor exhaled Just another one I'm just not pretty enough Distracted again Thor brings lightning forth Striking hammer on anvil Lightning splits the sky Raindrops, massage me Upon a boat in the sea Being rocked gently I won't kill myself So many things left to do? My list is all drugs My spiral tower Evaporates like spring snow A church bell ringing I open the door Dust crumbles beneath my feet I look away too Searching for the light Peace, love and understanding What is so funny? Oh, the thunderstorm Patrick, Swedish exuberance Stay in the moment In the box and out We like to move them around Stop and let them be Flashbacks and trauma Memories and dreams seem real Will I lose myself? Where has the time gone? That is not my reflection Pieces on the floor Contemplate this thought You will not get this day back The room went silent Behind this face I'm more than my surface shows Must repair the cracks You're so beautiful Photographs and memories Don't do you justice On apps full of men Always potential for love I'll just masturbate A vivid sunset Shines so bright and beautiful But, oh, so short lived Hawaii, one day Coconuts to sustain us Sleeping on the beach I still remember How the snow fell to the ground? The night my heart broke Lying is the most Fun, a girl can have without Taking off her clothes? Three words unable Living life in a fable I am so confused A forlorn figure In a desolate wasteland Someone please save me The breeze fills my space I find no warmth in covers I am not safe here After the exam Many months with no contact Tear on my shoulder Bloated and puffy An evil and ugly troll Go back to your bridge The sound of your voice Like a gentle lullaby Sending me to sleep Do you remember? When exploring hallway stairs Was adventurous How many of us? Go through life without seeing Midgets on fire The heavy fog wanes Unfortunately, I am Right where I began The shirt smells like you A scent once so rare is now Traciousally common Turning off the news Distractions, stunt growth and peace Trump, don't kill my vibe Find your happy place Run through it naked at night Listen to no one Now is the first time I did not feel my heart throb As you passed these halls The day has arrived Doctors detect no heartbeat I push solemnly Rivers of spacetime Fry through us and spill away In the darkness Overzealous hands Life's too short for too much care Let the people live Santa clearly knew The reindeer bullied Rudolph Christmas tribunal Yes, mental illness It is on the menu now Let me have some, please Only two more miles I just realized my life sucks Damn you, hot cheetos Conform to bias See me even when you sleep Time it seems is now You planted flowers Between all my ribs and you Turned me into spring Sunset on water The tang of salt on the breeze A single seagull At the register They exhale too close to me Masked identities I feel so lonely I have this feeling of dread Continually nagging On the internet People will sometimes say things That they do not mean Festival, Merch Booth This cannibal bought two shirts Ol' one upper jones Eternal sunlight Pursuing the darkness within Open eyes again A cleansing fire Phoenix lost in his mistake Make today the new Sadder than ever To the girl that loves me most Better run quickly The joy is shallow When promise is a mirage? That has fooled us all Look, now it is bright Light through naked trees shines stark Rows of huddled homes Rivers of concrete Herds of mammals trample feet Urban jungle beat This is a haiku About something really deep Maria's trench You're a lot like jazz Great when I am in the mood But right now I'm not Gave them forever They were careless and lost it Now it's mine again A few speed demons Rushing to infinity Hamsters deep in thought Arms outstretched, we were Exchanging grins as we fell My chute has a hole Beautiful today My car is getting polished It is now raining Stars burn in the sky Snow crunches beneath my feet Breath burns in my lungs Shouting sunlight Warm breezes across the lake From under the pier How very awkward? You could say embarrassing Made a fool of I I fell in love once The best feeling life can bring Here, look at my scars I awoke to late My sled now scrapes on concrete Maybe next winter Nature loves to act To play with dreaming c'est tout With viridity One crown rules us all Will we ever dance again? For now, just silence Joy fills all of me Love warms my soul, it is yours Your hand, please let's walk Pride got in the way Service to you was weakened Often do I fail? The light of the sun Sets over my time and soul I will be free soon A defect is found The deployment is at risk Please do the needful Silent depth and breadth Can I bridge such an expanse? Together we will Taboo on my lips A shell of myself, the curse I cry for my youth I am a lone wolf Not because I choose to be I was born alone If this were the end Why might that be a reason? Not to give your all Wine spilt on my shirt Smell like an alcoholic Depression sets in My great grandmother Saint Laurent Manitoba Handmade Moccasins In receiving hands Interception of the kites At the tree goal line I need underwear And to organize my socks Is my life going? We're all gonna die There is no shortcut to death You must live to die Purple, Sparkles, shine Green lights flashing everywhere Plants on amethyst Balding hairy boss Keep your hand off my shoulder Go grope someone else You don't wash your belt But it's the first thing you touch After you go, poo Something has gone wrong It must be my fault again This destroys my mind I'm ready to rock But your big hands, husky voice My thai vacation 'Always lumpy bed Through the half sheeted window Watching the snow fall Although you say it I know that you are lying Those three little words For some damn reason Whenever it comes to you My heart's wide open For the second day Passing by a blooming bud How continuous? Putting down a straw? And slurping a beverage In a waterspout So riddle me this What brings exhaustion and joy? Waking up on time She took my reason Things that seemed so sensible We're certainly not Pushing pushing then All the pressure releases A cry of new life You still don't get it I'll never care what you think Whether good or bad Rockabye, baby I will always protect you Nothing will harm you Now, almost a year You were supposed to be here Tears come all to near Hot pavement, City I know it's a magic trick Wilding day and night Inside my body There is a tasty walnut I am walnut man Where are you right now? Who still knows your deepest fears? Are you loved and fed? Heart pumping faster Pumping throughout the body Blood out of sad scars Woodpecker, drumming Natural percussionist Now he has his fill Like a broken tree My heart leans in constant fear Waiting for a breeze Uncertain future Can't modify the past Make today awesome Ready to die now? Pig assisted suicide Only no martyrs Too many niggers I need a lot more triggers To shoot them all with Please deliver me From the unending madness That is my being I saw them today It was just the rain pouring I know they're coming Your face, a new moon I know only your shadow Blotting out the stars I'm done pondering Take all of my belongings I'm just so tired Spike away time Ten more minutes have just passed Where is my yes man? Your story touched us Hearts and minds were ever changed Thank you for that gift Feeling the freedom Swing above the water Staring at the sky Oh, my God, I swear Why is everything on here? So dark and edgy The morning brings us A shining new horizon This brand new skyline Tempered glass towers Made for the gods Rust covered shovel Come pollinators Corolla coloured brightly On to the stigma It will continue Until there is no more will Then I will be gone Disasterynow End of patience,new way sought Such a distraction I thought I'd be gone Looking for someone to love Good thing I found you Sorry, Apollo You know, I like you a lot But not all the time Sometimes I feel down I get a weight in my chest But tears will not flow Do you know something? Hypocrites are everywhere You may be one too None of us voted For local riot police But we all have them This Thanksgiving day Don't say grace for what you have Thing of the have not's End the day outside Used up the watercolor Hope you buy me more A turn of events That seems to make little sense Possessions Bare branches hold gems Foggy slate swallows them up How fleeting they are? Spiritadvocates Spiritreveals saturates (Spiritual) Perfect love Plagity is The sincerest compliment In literature I am at a loss What will I do with myself? Probably something Hawk's cry far away Surveying his realm by sky All is in order Trying to balance Qi ping pong and breathing deep Both seem to help me Don't take it from me Hopeless dreams, melancholy This is all I have Barred apples and A squashing of cornstalks in Thanks for the giving Evening equation Footes minus shoes plus carpet Equals elation Long after I've gone Trees whisper to each other With unheard echoes Sat on the toilet No tp sink and a hand Problem solving skills I hear your name in Silence and I see your face In an empty room Cold air burns my lungs While the wind it chaps my face Smile, frozen jogging Go leave me alone Sitting here on what I call My lone empty throne If anyone cares I have hidden a treasure For someone to find Is this the real life? Or is this just fantasy? It's bohemia An ascended man A humble man, strong and true The mountain trembles YouTube premium I subscribe to this monthly Reddit link shows ads Juvenile ignorance A big smile and heart of gold That used to be me Staring at a map Anxious and filled with promise Could go anywhere I love the way that You can show your emotions Through simple haikus Deep under the earth Lost within human traffic We wait for a train Wash away the stress Solace is a sprint away Don't be afraid, go Snowflakes are boarding Leaves to capacity and Capsizing the trees I'll always love you I sure hope that's what I heard I told you straight same Dubious thudding guitar The devil's refrain echoes All my love's in vain What buttplug to get? I need help deciding guys Whoops wrong, Subreddit? A quick gust of wind The tall trees sway side to side Birds glide with the breeze Protest March today Hong Kong cops are Hong Konggers Hope they remember I have to go, Poop There is no bathroom nearby Agony persists Demons of the past Rise again as I give in Yet to face defeat Limitless as sky Without birth or cessation Nature of the mind Go ahead, try it Five beats and then seven beats Get you're Haiku on Your insult to me Is a scratch to a black knight? This but a flesh wound Gentle summer's breeze A soft whisper through the trees Reminds me of you A relieved father Is passing the baton in? Her expensive pearls Melch into the sun Stand in the wind, free your breath From its restless tides Sexy, sumo guy Eats your expectations whole Like his birthday cake Some men like it small That's fine, understandable But I like it big Cold November days Birds gathering to fly south See you in the spring It never ends here Binks into the stratosphere Fecundity rules Dark night, silent mind A poet struggles for words But words are useless Wind sweeps me away To resist is foolishness Thus I choose to fly I am a pisces Kind, caring, empathetic Sensible as fuck Return to the ground Decompose and seep down deep Temptane, faceless peace With the straightest path No distractions or detours Just straight to the point I shall make exit Stage left calls for your lesser He's greater than I Many ways to see Perceiving reality Do not be judgy I take back that text I want to be your end game But will you read this? This is all there is What you see is what you get My, my, what a waste We've always talked'bout Really giving this a try Now your feet get cold The glory of war Where you trade your heart and soul? For a piece of gold My heart has sunken Baking at the bottom of The well inside me Live a life of peace Just in case there is a god It should cover it I am feeling sad Melacholy or regret I want to go back I waited too long Should have asked you in high school Now you are married Amber afternoon Wind visits a quiet pond Rocks the Lily pads Here it goes again I'm my own worst enemy Self versus self, why? It was just raining Not for very long, mind you This was really shit Can't find a potion To erase the emotions They eat me alive Imposter Syndrome I've already forgotten My waning ego Staring at his phone? Bubbles form then disappear Her text never comes Here I sit to shit Some would say that I have shat I feel much better Feelings of abuse Put a tape over my mouth I will talk no more Fountain pen dried up I get out the ink bottle Oops, I make a mess Horizon of hills A radiant presence casts Silences of trees I should just leave it Too eager to talk again I unlock my phone Wrong up, cold and cramped Lunch at a rundown diner Dreaming of a bed Will I hear this day? Heard now, will I understand? Yes, see my belief Lost in my ideals Expectations way too high No one seems to mind Self isolation You push everyone away So they can't hurt you Burnt leaves fall like hail Each fall a bruise to the soul orionid falls With joy we began Love filled each daily moment Now with hope we serve The drowning diver Distantly seeking light At the deep sea floor Your thighs pull my eyes Like gravity pulls the tides You have a nice moon Take some lsd Have divinity handed Or just laugh at memes Without your presence Life crumbles like dried flowers Another dead dream Never comprehend The rosebuds or the tulips Clipped away from stems Moonlight filters through The Cup of the Earnest Man Scooping his brandy [ thick dusky clouds breathe] Between the shivering leaves On thin black branches The gaslight goes dim Or is it just in your head? You know that it's not How can I lead you? You resist the way, you know See the tears I shed I watch her walk by My heart flutters, breath catches I'm invisible Worst headache ever Don't drink vodka with Russians Was fun last night, though Bright beneath water Orchids sway in the current Deep purple, deep down Mild yellow flower Held underneath your sweet chin Do you like butter? Rent car insurance The bills are never ending Nothing left for me Freed from your prison A vegetable no longer A new world awaits Morning thunderstorm Floods an empty alleyway She drinks his stale tea Let's take the next step We're in the right direction Just a little push Christmas, oh, hey, sigh Next time, try to outgrow me Until then, goodbye Wooden baritone Muscled oyster, clams, french dip What more can I say? Fish in a barrel Better to drain the water And save your bullets Existential dread Swerved by reading until bed Sleep through my alarm Lithe bristles arranged Once upon a boar, they sprang Now an offering Summer at an end The whiskey kisses wear off So heartbreak is near The mod king is dead Another soul takes over Long live the mod king There's only one word A question for everything Why why is the word? I wish I could leave Go somewhere calm far away Away from my thoughts How do I haiku? I'm new here, please someone help Oh, shit, I'm out of Sunset in the sky Morning awaits for us all A new day, new hope Chaos in the world Steering away from drama Lattering from sidelines Despised poetry Hellish, tacky and senseless That makes two of us Jacket, potato In a warm summer's heat wave Why did I do this? I am all alone I am a tool for her use I am very cold The stars have gone out Some sleepy song of Robins Give me ears to hear Master of deceit The sadness hides in my smile Never let them know Cleaning out the fridge Behind the old Chinese food I spot moldy cheese It is amusing That which we call the cosmos Does not care for us Why am I so sad? I did not know I liked her But yesterday changed No one looked harder I spot Wolf near the village No one believed me You would regret this Ikea sells Diablo Even Jesus know Hey, everybody The procrastinators club Will not meet Thursday Dreamless day passes Wandering in the twilight pluvious night looms The little feline Has turned three years old today But I keep aging There are four cute girls I met them in a small club A small club of doom Summer vacation Skipping stones on the water Fresh as first kisses I smoke in the dark In my own backyard, because My room mate is blind The rains stopped coming Earth bakes beneath the sun's rays Each year it worsens Lil down, close my eyes Get a glimpse of you just to Let you fade away Fear and idleness Keeping you preoccupied Are wasting your time? Two alchoholics Lead each other off a cliff Which one is to blame? Who needs to have sleep? When you have that depression Aw heck, yea, my dude Drink milk in the eve For a cozy night of rest I must change the sheets A single cold tear The reflection of your life Rolling down my cheek Crowd of witnesses Good news received and given Friends, come and follow Two now, one alone New house alone, what has changed? The new place echoes This is for me now My time and place in this life Will grow and sprout joy Yeah, I want some bread I hope it's not yucky bread This bread sure tastes good Clouds in summer skies Drill like my sense of purpose I seek direction I lost my best friend Long talks turned into silence I lost my lover Harrible spring rains linger Flash floods swarm the canyon floor We take the high road I want to matter To feel special to someone Why is that so hard? Winnowings of Fall I can't see blue anymore Try this on for size Sometimes I need food Sometimes you need a blowjob Sometimes we need both Only weed and sex An insatiable hunger Please satisfy me Words without meaning The bliss you speak of is just An empty promise Gentle morning breeze Nothing lasts forever but Sweet smells fills the air Southern Hemisphere Hitherto mythical lands Toilet swirls the same Tears of saltiness Rolling down my fragile cheek At least I can feel Broken pine needles Bare feet, find a secret place The valley below Your smile sent shock waves That I forgot I have lungs And my legs have knees The house walls are thin Outside the frogs are croaking My wife is snoring The sleepless nights end The bottles are sealed for good Present to the now I have the pleasure Of seeing you in dreams when Distance divides us Scroll through reddit, yes Take five mins to push out turd The satisfaction So loud, I wake up My cat has sleep, Apnea So sad yet so cute The wind section is Conducted by the maestro Blowing through the march By myself, I fly Alone I crash to the ground Together you laugh Each moment, a gift Never exactly again Trouts of remembrance Anger, frustration Starts with sadness, then evolves What is the lesson? Rainy, snowy days I got sunshine by the bag A short term escape More efficiency Combine the activities Brush teeth in shower My little flower Lift your head now, open up It's time to blossom Time to surrender Everything you want and love All that you regret Love makes me weary Left out in the cold of night With the dogs of Yore The wind blows through trees Clouds racing across the skies I can't stop yawning Breathing in then out Eyes closed, thoughts float by like clouds Meditation om Bad blood needs purging Only the pain slows my mind Well deserved penance Why is this so hard? I'm told it gets easier Guess I'll keep waiting Not to long before A dreamscape tapped my shoulder Curious contact Two eyes, one story Sometimes rain and sometimes clouds His eyes, my story The Canada Geese Are often heard before seen Mid winter sunset The sound of the rain Is wafting through the window? It is getting dark Don't know how to live Hang on to whatever hope Falling through the sky I find pleasure here You can find it over there We're one vibration 'Sale in my mind My thoughts, my thoughts, my thoughts shit My mind needs be shut Precinct from above When in the presence of light Icicles can fall Winter spring summer Throughout them all, I await Till the first leaves fall Faced with two choices To take root or to take wing Which will my soul choose? Else thoughts linger The blue sky became my guide An endless journey Ears flap through tall grass Up then gone then up again Dog after rabbit A warm puppy butt Sleeping closely by my side Feels like home to me I am not okay Negative thoughts fill my head I want this to end Pesky bugs bite bare Knifes as blades of sharp grass Tickle naked legs Chinese buffet shop It left me feeling tortured Wantanamo bay? Pursueful mindfulness I listen to the clock tick Here comes the morning The river rises Sending my snowman downstream To sleep with fishes Little ketchup bags Lying huddled on counter Unused, unwanted Bella Chapina Pelo Negro, Rizado Ojos Hermosos Laying together At night, giggling like kids Is what I miss most? I won't take shelter Magnificent thunderstorm Melch me all away A sense of balance Subject to the winds of change Dance the path of life Do I change myself? Or should I be who I am? I think it's bed time The three little words That changed my life forever Rid or die, she said I really hate Sean He looks at me stupidly Coughs are super cool An odd sensation To feel sorrow so deep with No tears left to shed Golden Fields shimmer The flowers are now sleeping Yellow leaves fall down Lost in the graveyard Brought in the sea of graves A hand touches me Fear makes my soul rot The waves drop pinning me down We shall meet again Birds chirp in the trees Sun light piercing the green leaves Small eggs start to hatch I should go now, you Tired of being so small Did you ever think? Words make you think thoughts Music makes you feel feelings Songs make you feel thoughts Yellowed memories Derelict thoughts grasp at straws As the mind withers Ants work and die for Their queen is this just instinct Duty or plain love My dog hates the mail Woof woof woof woof woof woof woof woof woof woof woof woof woof woof? No love for the mail I'm ready to write The world's greatest haiku but My mind is still blank A face of soft silk Warm rays in the skin reflects Gentle touch of love Fumbling first kiss Learning each other's rhythm Taste apprehension Why do you downvote? A decent haiku, are you? Loving of real skills Hard times, lie ahead Hopes and dreams crumble away Leaving deep despair When I was younger I thought love was a feeling When it was a choice My heart is dragon Waiting for you to slay it So we can be rich The passenger seat An extra cutlery set Without a cohort The scent of Amber My nose in her hair, Inhales Close my eyes and smile Blinded by the smog Can't stop me from seeing straight Breath in and breathe out The reason you left? Was it because you ran out? Of reasons to stay Locking all the doors An ocean surrounding me I got to break free We remember when Smiles, frowns, cries of joy and pain Ever family In a raging storm Mind completely calm within Beyond all the noise I can hear my heart As the noose starts to tighten And time starts to slide Oh, drowning sorrows Back to what that meant before What a tragic waste Soon I'll be gone too How will they remember me? Kiss my head, goodnight High expectations Another month passes by Forgettable promise A cold night guilt strikes From outside my toasty house I let the dogs in Working together Roadblocks cleared love set in place Your grace is enough Potrop is in me You have put it in my veins This pain will not end Though I have allies My first comrade is myself I won't ignore you Sexual lover Why do you cum oh so fast? Can I mount again? Asked what the rules were Everyone stood silently Walked out of fight club Spunny tendrils twirl Nag champa burns steadily Inhale peace of mind Snitches, get stitches If they don't have insurance They will bleed out fast An old, well, mossy A falling leaf breaks fine threads Cracks its wooden face Today we journey Ever with us, Lord Jesus Grace is all we need Long green grass rustles A fat bumpy toad appears A bad day redeemed Enough bowls and cups Parts of you and me and us Some days are harder Blute out from the bark Seep in the heat, crystallize Amber suspension I'm constipated Tryna think of a haiku Nothing is coming White flower blooming Out of place one might have said Growing here early Warm crackling fire Mobilel and a good movie Lazy afternoon Can I see the love? Looking past pain, suffering Such wisdom for me Daybreak comes at last Now the dark of night is past Have a nice breakfast Having the answers? Inquisitive by nature Knowing the unknown A beautiful star Brightest I have ever seen Shines inside of you If saying goodbye I suppose I should start by Taking off my shoes Upsets and setbacks Each step plagued by entropy John, sixteen, three, three Chubby cats on rafts They float downstream back to back Old felines, relax Flex when you have to You do not know your place yet The flex is mine, bitch Will you ever learn? See things as they really are Like I see the world I kilm with kindness While I suffer in silence We all die alone Endangered road ahead The overcast sky hangs low I am coming home Bare, knuckle boxing With a tear covered pillow Insomnia woes Another weekend Filled up by ambitious plans Ends with hangover Laying next to you Breathing becomes easier Daydreams melt to sleep The car slowly cools Dubious winter, dirty snow sky Coffee would be nice Hand sanitizer Hero of the pandemic Bane of paper cuts Some cherish problems And show their contempt for those Who see to solve them? Forgetting to eat Now I am forgoing sleep Passion found at last Leaves of amber wings Lost by Autumn's Equinox Sheen at dawn of spring A sea of faces Neon lights buzz overhead The android walked on Here's to wallowing When you're feeling really sad Observe all others Being aware of Being aware allows thoughts To lose their power Bowerbird's glamour Shiny objects spread neatly Looking for a mate [Habitalize] The boxes compose the space Puzzle games to see I stayed up all night Restless mind wanders to you Arms anchor me still You killed my father I'm inigo Montoya Now prepare to die Autumn colours fall Sounding of wind streams and life New beginnings soon That is all they do Middle ignorance What are they hiding? Do you want to hear? The words that were left unsaid What I want to say? I do not falter On the steep and savage path But for the poet Drunken thoughts burning A sparrow weeps on this day Unbelieved wounded The last smile I saw Weary eyes with a huge heart I miss you, Nonna Failing to give thanks How can you love me so much? Ever blessed, am I? I wrote a haiku I feel it should be deep but I lost my shovel I miss the old times I wish we could just go back When there was still love Your flower blossoms Your petals glisten with dew I'm buzzing for you I bought a puppy A dagger into my heart Because all things die I say, Marhaban She smiles at a word from home In a foreign land I lie deathly still The world around me moves on Unfazed undeterred I'm a Guillotine Some deserve their severance Wealth can't save you now Hair on the tile floor Fully booked with dream clients Success in passion Incense smoke rises Through fall afternoon sunlight Cars sounds like river Is this chance or fate? A tree of contingencies Or a scripted play This moon is ancient And the darkness that awes you Grinds at you is too Verified knowledge The Alchemist family Been king of kings Dry, dying flower Waiting for the rain to fall Never gets its wish Stranger than fiction An inescapable truth To live, we must die Busy loving you Love freely given each day Such is my purpose Dispared by the wind The heat of summer long gone You're all that remains Handfuls of roses Fingers bloodied by the thorns Each drop is a gift Powering onward To pivot reposition Shifting gears boldly Are they listening? I feel like they always are Alexa Weather Saturn pulls my thoughts As he returns, I wonder What I'm doing here? Color everywhere The dancing shapes of my dreams Purple, gold and blue Big emergency Guys, I need some help right now Mom found the poop sock Eternal waiting Wake to sleep at nausea Forever a dream Darkness approaches Something evil this way comes Run away and hide I have a question Is pickpocketing a crime? If you don't get caught Dream about a thought An escape from the moment Where I cannot be You dream for your child And too soon, that dream comes true And yet your heart breaks I have gained knowledge Grown up yet still, I retain My youthful acne Wet heavy storm clouds Gather over a corn field Fist pounds on the door Last night I bought shoes Oh, not in real life, mind you This was in a dream Uninhibited Please be nothing more than raw Honest and truthful Serious question For people who study snakes Are snakes their own dicks? An endless longing The freedoms I had in youth Never to return You hold in your hand All the answers you could want If you believe it Slightly betrayal An action that cuts factions Trust no more be gone Be still like nightfall Quiet like the skies above Listen to the Earth I only need one Word to describe your beauty Intoxicating Together we learn Truths revealed, bring us such joy Happiness awaits The umami taste Slurping noodles with hot soup Strangers salivate The cool ocean breeze An invigorating scent I miss the sunsets Outside of myself Whispering pools of muddied thoughts Ain't no place to swim With glasses of love See without distortion now Such truth sets me free The great true master Beginner from beginning Enough cup retains Dance, pretty lilacs Bend delicately softly [Whisper in deaf ears] The last cigarette A ticket to the abyss I blame the lighter Desert safari Zebra's giraffes and lions At the waterhole Ugly jealousy Did you look them in the eyes? To me, you return Another pillbox We fight as one family Fear is in the mind A thought arises Loathed and lost by the spring wind To be born again Shrek is my daddy I want to suck his big cock Cum inside my mouth The most pure thing yet A genuine preference Need to be grounded The machine center Cogs gather to celebrate She keeps it running Insecurities The choppiest of waves crash Return to Stillness I am dressed like shit A pink shirt and grey sweat pants No one will see me Sparrows skid swiftly Between electric cables Dangerous but free You are a stranger Yet I feel at home content In your easy smile Blue and crystal waves Warmest dances over the skin White sand as canvas Speaking to myself From the future to the past Fuck, don't send that, please Her sexy red heels Made a rousing, Staccato Streel necks elongate What is a birthday? Celebrate a happy life Was it worth the pain? Dark thoughts and sad thoughts Voice would give them more power Thoughts not for sharing I am so confused On how to make a haiku? Please help me make one Misguided childhood Reprehensible adult Refusetable death The pillars are tall And the path is tremendous What is the purpose? I am my own man Different man from my dad Here we are alike An angry feeling Steers a moment from your life You can't get it back Weary, holy weak The pipe organ is wheezing Please rise already And then just like that Not so special after all I'm nothing to her Path is victory Understand your tomorrow Acceptation is you Why'd you tell me that? I don't know what to believe I'm too old for this Lung's burning mouth dry Running till the end of time Greatness is the prize Was I me that night? A night you won't soon forget Or just a body Let me be your wine But if you don't drink water You cannot have it I wish to fly high Yet I'm standing here alone Looking at the sky Why have cut flowers? In funerals, I think that One corpse is enough The Meds aren't working Worsing, gasping, for purpose Lifeguards off duty Follow the leader Not who says what he has done But who does what's said? Traveling is nice Just like Frank Sinatra says But home is nicer Sounds through my speakers My cell phone talks on its own It hears everything I stay up thinking Thoughts of who you think I am Who I think I am? Watching football game? Mahomes is doing great stuff Traversals like normal The lineman hooked A Role and hung by a thread to Repair the webbing You have watched the sun Someone comes into your life But they see the moon Unhindible terror Freedom through enlightenment Slave to seeking truth Buffet for bunnies All you can eat vegetables Crouching in cabbage My poetry sucks But I do even more so Just can't get better A stroll through the trees Goblin's attack three injured Dundeons and dragons Dropped calls, quick goodbyes Needing to believe your lies Loathing at a cost The wind on my face Feels so lovely, feels so pure Then I hit the ground Heaven reaching walls Contain the chaos outside The eye of the storm Feel a pen slipping How it slips informs the catch If you can catch it People everywhere Celebrating Saint Patrick Drinking too much beer? The cold wind blows hard Blowing the leaves off a tree Neaked defenseless The honk of a goose An unruly noise it is To make it press y My days feel empty I simply wait for bedtime Then repeat cycle You tilt at windmills? Say everything, promise not Oh, inquisition Life is worth living What I need to tell myself To keep my strength up Your fate closes in Resign yourself to darkness Or just get to work Trees happily shake A tired man deeply sighs As leaves, brush his lips The vibrant nature The bustle of a city Japan and Japan Summer time again [Laughter heard across the fields Marijuana haze I sit on your face lick it till I am dripping Guantanamo Bea No satisfaction Satisfying desires Only addiction Heavy eyes, dilate Sticked on the lines of your hand Nervously waiting The infant is passed Ned feet and small balled fists Galvanized barbs lurk Walking arm in arm Old elm branches interlaced Leaves fall, days shorten Another delete Now I write only the mods Does this pass muster? Long ago, first steps With you, I have traveled well Today let us dance Bathe your heart in warmth Shower your spirit with love Wash your hair with soap Fizzle in dawn light For love is only a fog Meaned to quickly burn Condoleeza Rice Bloodied my nipples and chest With her stilettos Totally useless I finish nothing, I start Even this stupid Listen to your heart Let it lead you through your life Dance to its rhythm Smelling of a fart It turns out it was a shart A simple mistake Haikus Haikus Haikus Hai Kus Haikus Haikus Haikus Haikus are my strength Another morning I come for cups of coffee Then I go to work Getting bumped aside Knocked down again and again Always standing up Uncleared within myself A slave to what I once was The indignity Help me push this rock In the deep green ocean We're both chained to it My collar itches I told you it was too tight I'll stay without it Life can be lonely Life can even be cruel That's pretty much it These past couple days I've seen your heart break in two He knows you loved him Two brothers dancing One goes left and one goes right They bump their noggins Puddles look like piss Near the apartments, I live They might as well be Yes, daddy, I cry Drool slips from my pouting lips I feel so little I've crunched the numbers I've ran the simulations My boredom is fact This bright summer day Fleeting taste of paradise A place in the sun Sometimes I get sad When my eyes get watery After a big sneeze Midsummer Sunset Pours into the ocean cove Bare skin bathed in gold Pushing causes pain Siezing in my narrow bones I think I'll lay down White cherry blossom Turning red and falling down Unexpected gift American Dream Longing for white picket fence This is a nightmare We are the stillness Of parked cars lining the streets In the dead of night As sharp as a blade The calm yet ferocious storm Hardens its resolve No amount of air Drunk surrounds me, my coffin Screaming is no help Here in the garden Let's play a game standing still Is the way to go? Baphomet lover Give me validation, please May I join your clique? Warm April breeze rolls Clothes on the line, bounce lightly Dancing with wind chimes Late night, little snacks They're the reason I'm so fat All night, I fridge check Three faces of self One you see and one love sees The last is all mine To my right, the waves And to my left cicadas Wreck summer night songs A piercing whistle Screams and thunderous applause Submit these sweat and tears Inside these four walls Dreams meander past the stars Quarantine musing Steaming hot water Filted through paper and beans Pourover coffee Laying on the couch Staring up at the ceiling Wishing you were here Seale a sugar moon When next I hear you breathing Until Mars has rings I also write raps It's all about play with words Around you like laps I'm tired of tears I deserve better than you She abandoned me She smiles in English I count my heartbeats in French Parley, vous anglais Shared between us two A frozen moment, a glance The world starts again White, gentle giants Transforming the vast blue sky Ever majestic I can't write Haikus They are very difficult Oh, wait, I just did How's your day going? Just saw a colleague's white briefs Funny zoom moments As I write, Haikus I always forget how to I use Jacksfilm's tune Mayonnaise is made Not from a spring or a stream Just made in heaven I miss the desert The long hikes and dry weather Day dreams of past days Singed trees ashen stumps Cancer across the valley A great erasure I hear her laughing I hear little splashes too Smartphone in bathroom Sorry, your bullshit Is not worth thinking about? Better things to do Love sprang in winter When it died, it was April Winter came once more From a dank basement A finger smeared by Cheetos Dispensenses, downvotes Rain clouds follow me Purse grey hues or thunderstorms The sun is still there Plant an idea Stirred up swarm of stinging bees Wage a holy war Winter afternoon Cold black coffee remembered A plane yawns above Victorious scream Pierces, what's left of your mind? Ease the steel heart Your love inside me Filling up an empty shell I feel whole again Monday, Dilema To stand on my own two feet Or to marry Rich My awesome office [Cupidle work everywhere] Always squeaky clean Vaude of all support My haiku falls in a pit Down the vote, you go [stairwell] So high up No matter how many steps Worth seeing the top I hate the sunshine It really depresses me I love cloudy days Promises are made Resentments in the making I just knew you would Creaking branches sway As I step along the path Shadows lurk behind Autumn chill outside I have to wake up early Just to smell fresh air My great great, great great great Great, great, great, great, great, great, great Grandfather had gills Great love lives so close The sky, the ocean, the earth You are not alone Leaves fall in the brook Circles of ripples widen Happily, Gurgles Haikus express pain Otherwise you'll never know Suffice in silence You are my bright sun Blinded when I stared too long I still seek your warmth One street with two names Runs through the city center End racism now The only thing left Is the music we both shared? Dear skinny love On lazy days off The slow turning of a leaf From green into brown Initials on trees Inside of imperfect hearts But that's what love is I am so angry This cheap mouthwash has left me Foaming at the mouth I'm losing myself Alcohol makes me rethink What do I feel now? I presumed them slow But over time I have learned We walk unlike paths Each moment surprise Time slips by and you fill it Perfect is your love And then it hit me Awful is the best there is Also a bullet Bright sparks everywhere Kindled passion for burning Ablaze so vibrant A founding father invented the lightning rod And bifocals too You ended your life I never even met you Now I deal with it A lonely petal Fluttering through the city Coloring the sky Adulthood engaged Childhood receded quickly Such was a tough time Don't fucking text her I mean, it do not text her Fuck, I texted her You will never know The depth and breadth of the mark You leave behind you Bounded by myself Been in prison for too long What to do once free? Outside sickness spreads You in your home, me in mine We connect through screens Big Buck is my name And Deer Hunter is my game Lend me a quarter Control comes within Restrain the raging, Malice Of young year's yearnings Sometimes I daydream Of the man I thought I'd be It's very foolish I retained a dream Many years of forgetting Hope for a replay Such perfect weather Thank you, Lord, for this moment A glimpse of heaven You're out protesting Over paint and your dark roots Confirm me out of it Locked up and retained A treasure long forgotten I hope to be freed She danced like water Clear, wild and timeless weaving Through the rugged earth Coronavirus Nature's callous, mighty Yawn I must shave today So why call my name? When I was the happiest Loner of us all No haikus exist About Tiger King till now This had to be fixed Eyes, gaze up at me His fingers about my hair So we are in dreams A year full of change The good, the bad, the ugly Two thousand twenty Dandelion clocks Faded tattoos and sweet tea I still remember Multiverse sooths me Always better, always worse Gives me perspective Push ups, sit ups, squats No machines, no weights, no friends Just isolation A corpse on the floor Self inflicted bullet wound This is a protest A small fishing boat Sways and swerves on the grim song Of Father Ocean Brushing ash off bone Half men crawl though bitter fields Glory, be the light Today is Monday I will be counting numbers The same on Tuesday I miss my best friend Need to hear your voice again Give my life for yours My birth was abrupt Even at sea, snow will fall If the time is ripe The dark closes in Enveloping the world in A blanket of peace Searching in the dark Yearning for lost connections My lonely bluetooth I thought it was grass But today, ah, white flowers What else need I know? All I love will die I will become old and poor And then I'll be gone I've lied to myself So I make this pledge to truth Later begins now A country so small Full of beauty and wonder I am in heaven A shell of blankets Keep me warm in the autumn Another cold day No tinder, no more No more loneliness in store No storms anymore Coffee at midnight No wonder I'm lacking sleep Fill me with regret When I close my eyes I can pretend I'm with her The girl of my dreams Oh, little flower Lift your head now, open up Time for you to bloom On the first Thursday Of each month in the summer They have free concerts He wants a wall built Purportedly for defense But that makes no sense Small in the air I have nowhere I can fly So please clip these wings Falling leaves, red brown Mini tornadoes rise up [ Chills face] And warms soul He walks through a field Lighter than a butterfly And the world trembles Action We're alone on the night beach To realize this kiss My birthday is close Thank you for being my mom I miss your meatloaf Was there no sentence? No words I could rearrange Nothing to save you Look, a petal falls From the flowers you gave me As they slowly die Bowing to power Unconscious crowd of pretence How ridiculous? Tasteless spaghetti Is it Olive Garden or? Coronavirus I am filled with rage Everything is maddening I cannot go on Clouds in autumn skies Drill like my sense of purpose I am fucking bored Don't pick up that bag It's contents won'tregister Until it's picked up I have to tell you A secret unknown to man I still do love you Becoming who you are For you do not need to change But accept yourself Stardust Formations From infinite directions View centers briefly The you that you lit Elluminated my world If only briefly The weeping roses Dishilar their beauty from light Not six feet apart Watermelon Seeds Becoming childhood projectiles Produced from produce Together again I swore I heard you saying The alarm bell rings Twenty seventeen Sexual harassment, meet Karma enough said I did not know then This ugly wrapping paper Would last for ten years Amber Horizon The lone swallow carves her path Refusing to fail Self healing takes time Learning and unlearning roles Much needed retreat Pop the molly yes Heart beats inside of my chest This feeling the best I awoke alive Yet absorbed with tiny things Wrens chirp in winter Traveling homewards My being could not refuse The pavement's embrace Pick up the pieces Put the puzzle together I am incomplete Wool over closed eyes Take off the sweaty blind fold I'm still not looking Tears have all been spent So the heavens cry for me Raindrops burn my cheeks This is the first spring That I have looked forward to All because of you I pen down my thoughts Pour all my emotions in Then I turn the page Five syllables here Seven syllables right here And there's five more here He who gave me life Hath returned to the cold ground Was it all my fault? Anorexia Starving for more than just food A sense of purpose Got a twist of Cain Yeah, it's just driving my brain From the god below Engaged for rapture Silent pray'rs on broken knees Let it be tonight If the Buddha laughs Is he really the Buddha? The laugh goes silent Have lived so many Lives in my mind, the real world No longer makes sense People gossiping To feel good about themselves 'Truly disgusting' Candles flickering Night falls upon the city The waiter arrives Your words to your loves Only with grace can I speak? Trouts of joy follow I did not date him His hair was very pretty Prettier than mine Toleration abound All people and things welcome Except for lactose I just want to die My lust for life won't oblige They call this living Celebrate what is Do not mourn for what is not Otherwise,suffer Morning kiss goodbye A fresh coffee warms my hands Cat prints on my car The shifting shadows Are coming for those you love? Let's both protect them Laguna, beach days Exotic, dreamlike waters Malicious sunsets Damn, what is that song? It's on the tip of my tongue Oh, shit, wait, it's gone Testing my resolve Transition takes me by storm What is the real world? Transitional states Think of them as a cocoon Emerge and fly high Great torrent and wind A grey summer storm blows in Flowers show no care What use do I have? What role do I have to fill? Makes me a bit sad You joined and we shared Blessed, were we in the moment? Thanks for your presence Some words kill people They can kill you from within Wonder what his were How dare you say that? See if I buy Bukowski From your dumbass now Sitting on a bench Joyous sunshine on my face Brave Robin Warbles Mother, don't worry The doctors were nice enough They just said I'm fucked What you envision? Is beyond who I can be? Please let me be me Find a hidey hole A place of peace and quiet So unlike my head My cat got outside Poor thing can't fend for itself Evolution's Proof The darkening sky Air becomes heavy and thick Downpours coming soon I woke up today Tired yet ready for life Each day, a struggle Separate dirt Pulling the clay from the earth? To make a new pot Oh, how wonderful A path beneath the tree tops While the spring rain talks That blowjob you gave Me while I was playing doom Was like Jesus Christ Growing old is hard To age is to outlive friends And mourn one more day Your words filled my heart In them, I found strength I need Enhanced to love A is for Apple I love to drink my snapple Skip Lady Chapel Three in the morning My body aching for him Resettling for dreams This shitty coffee The only thing I didn't miss Back to work at last You had a bad day A crazy little thing called Makes it all better Symptoms of despair A cry wish to end it all Don't give in, stay strong A teasing solstice Unveileding bare limbs with the Leaves fluttering off You are my goddess Moonlight on a perfect night Divine with beauty My hand on her chest I wanted to feel her heart But she slapped my face Ancient colossus Branchs stretch across the sky Tell me your story Trees stand for an age Cut down in prime lest decay Paper for writing Saints, please pray for us You found the one path of love Now we seek the same To those who do care World's Cross in Tomorrow's Sun The withering wind Find a sincere smile Feel peace and serenity Feast on Lexapro Sulking in my room Feeling sorry for myself Slowly moving on Mental health falters Once again, I am alone I have been ghosted Flashing bloody smiles Darkened my doorstep again Knocking never stops Worry about sleep Is interfering with sleep? Is that irony? Look, a petal falls From the flowers he gave her As they slowly die Green skin, curly tail Casting spells in the desert? Ah, a ham sand witch Lost girl in the woods Pathways of unknown origins The mazes of life Continually apart Relationship diverges Lonelyse befalls Anal sex is cool Give me that fat sexy ass I'mma insert dick As summer creeps in We dance in the fading light Moreing Summer's Death I'm walking outside People totally silent Wind whistles sweetly Lilac petals fall Leaving patio perfumed? Sip wine from last year He sits in his box Robert, the doll is his name Attention he craves They sneak out their tents And swim nude in the cool lake Fireflies blink and sway Remembering when? There were dreams for their own sake The pink elephant They fear the water Predators lurk down below Only the brave swim Flukes of red rain down Filling my thighs with the warmth Of a thousand suns We must not fear death All of us are meant to die Question is, how why? Why did I resist? Filled with grace, such joy in love Again today, please Words from me to you Words of faith, hope, life and love Words for you to share Temptuous and boundless Cones of sand are stuck midair Where was I again? My blood starts to boil Over something trivial Close my eyes and breathe First time I saw you Then feeling your energy Goosebumps on my skin I can't rap or rhyme But at least I have Haikus To express myself The heart of the home Constanting flat screens and A mantle remote Frantic little mice They waver in direction My mind runs with them I know you're afraid Let me earn your trust again There's too much to lose Sorry, I can't talk I know you're in bed with me I'm texting my friends Receding hairline Your retreat is preordained I watch helplessly You gave me cancer From you loving me too much I hope you die too I do not love you What I crave is affection Noa distraction An empty black cloak Riding a pale horse whispers Sweet release is near The wind blows gently Shakes the leaves in harmony Plays an empty song Early winter fog Envelops a neighborhood The burial shroud Such plush bedcovers The flicker of a candle Your clothes on the floor Sacrifice makes us crave A death we can't commit to No easy way out We stand on a hill Let's hope it's worth the journey Together we climb embers of anger Stoked constantly over time Never extinguished A shattered system Tear gas and burning buildings A broken nation Shooting my laser Stomping buildings feels squishy I am Godzilla Look at memes all day Time to stop there's more to life Dog pictures are next It's been a long day You could close your eyes right now Let it drift away Journaling is safe Unspoken thoughts on paper No one to judge me A dark, vast abyss I jump in with my eyes closed What a sensation I feel good today Calm content and in control I steer my ship now Words from the spirit Blessed with grace overflowing Your love for me, thanks Why are talking birds? Fascinating Donald Trump Knows to talk as well Darkness surrounds me It is also within me But I have no fear A cheeky haiku I have big aspirations World Domination Thin thread of kindness Twined and bound in girthy ropes Stowed on rusty ships Baby sleeps on me Peaceful, which makes me wonder Will she remember? Legend of Hyrule Sheathes the darkness with courage Wait, don't break that pot Common enemy Harbinger of Unity Watch the oceans rise The eagle soars high Master of all it surveys A breathtaking view It might be time to Ritualize an ending So I stop caring That blinking green light It is a drug dopamine In its purest form [Floating slowly down] Falling drifting deeper now Sleep and rest your crown Whoa is what I said? She's got that crazy booty Competition dead In Britain, it is In America, it's not Aluminium Time marches forward Healing slowly as it goes Let it be just be Floating in my room A nice twist behind her eyes Astronomy I say I love you Damn nocturnal emissions Should prove it to you How can I let go? When I still need air to breathe To feed thoughts of you I wander yet not All those who wander are lost I don't think I'm lost Waves have frequencies Space over time makes color Not so black and white A minimalist But if I had the money I'd have lots of stuff Frozen river thaws The birds and the bees return Her embrace awaits No cold air or tunes The spare is bald as a bat But hey, I like it Hash consumes all Much like a vast dark blanket Never letting go Thoughts swim like fishes A network of small mistakes I will rectify Dwindling delight A lost sense of sentiment Interruptive bliss Dousing flaming leaves Equinox, extinguishes The burning bushes Broods of brisk ripples Even little lakes glisten Sunlit cavorting A missive to jerks Life can be more fulfilling Open up your mind Death metal haiku You will all die in blood flame Bass guitar solo A cold winter night Gonesome window shadows of A couple dancing Humanities gift Art the bearings of one's soul This page is so great A match, if lucky Conversations go nowhere I started at all Endorsings beginnings Each day each season each year Loved you always Ripe Apple Orchards Falling leaves deep autumn reds Merge blossoms again Death in the desert The most beautiful boy falls Vultures love him so He read my haiku About kissing for chapstick? Now he steals mine too Green and purple buds Little bundles of heaven I want to smoke you Enough as hell Always trying to steal food Pooping everywhere Love is delicate Its beauty can fade away Like cherry blossom Axelling and throbbing I just want to close my eyes Lay my head and sleep If these walls could talk Wallpaper would get ripped down Or painted over? I just figured out I never get hostess gifts I bite off flowers Teachable moments You don't know when you're in 'em But they leave a mark Wilting sweet embers I want to live in your light Until he'll takes us Do you ever feel? Oversightly seclusion Not a soul replies Eight black moonlit crows In a field of railroad logs Scaning the bones A moment with you Is equal to real numbers? From zero to one Fresh, wet, heavy snow Fall quietly overnight This morning, no school Stepped over red flags Used them to cushion my knees And pray for a sign The snow is falling To give life in the new spring Frozen water gone Infiltrating thoughts Pause, empty the mind within Peacefulness returns Just floating with air Strike me and play with my strings Or too stiff, I burst If all the boomers Died from coronavirus Would it be so bad? Too much things you want But little actions have made Now go face your fear The temperatures drop Blue skies with breezy blown clouds Autumn's start crackles I love her so much Even though things just ended I still have regrets Human emotion Snip left and right in an app I yearn to be loved Sunset in the west Dig into my dreams tonight End the day smiling Traveled to Sydney To receive my new kidney Look, a Kangaroo Once we shared a song Now we shun the meeting place Now we sing alone A box fan rattles With no roar, I find no rest Don't you touch the plug? I am just a fool Shooting down my own success Fighting my own mind Grab a bit of town Westbound, the folks round the bend Turn and watch the rain Sleepless, Cicada Serenade me while I dream Trade a nightmare, please And what scares me most? That they do not act concerned For next election Tap, tap, tap again Bloodshot eyes and some coffee Tap, tap through the night And just like my dreams Failing reality Momentarily When one door closes Two more doors, slam in your face That's showbiz, baby Lilies in a vase Soft and smelling wonderful But not for too long You shine bright, my star My light in the dark child of A land far away I am but a ghost No shadow lays beneath me Only memories The term space is A Word diminished of meaning When we're holding hands I dream of drowning I feel no fear or sadness Only acceptance Delays, not again Emit mad tenet time, dam Again, not delayed Be ready to fly Head cocked little heart pounding The cat prowls below Your love is like a Sip of ice cold lemonade On a summer day Perched over the bay Railing splayed out like fingers Who put that curve there? Hit spots loved again Midnight skies, midnight sea streams Hit spots pain again This Thanksgiving day Don't say grace for what you have Think of the have nots Why yes, I believe Aliens contacted me Gave me news to share Step into darkness Ease an impulsive gut Trust brings clarity The end of Lungo Return to reality Might almost be safe The past may tempt you To dwell in and feel regret You got your karma I love you so much That I would endure burning Just to be your light We are not alone We are the whole universe It listens to us We are all broken shattered pieces everywhere Glistening in light The wind is still now Winter water drifts slowly Piling up silence He's a foolish man Who fells a beautiful tree? Just to count its rings Purpose singular The blossom spreads her petals The bees ignore her The rules are simple Stay away from the real world Protect the future My dreams disturb me Even the beautiful ones They fuck with my head Some stuck in Peru Some are stuck in Morocco They want to go home I wish this sub had A glossary of haiku Linked from the sidebar Inspiration grows Until bursting at the seams Infinity plus The first few rain drops Sizzle on the parched asphalt Urban Petrichor Good morning, my dear The clouds will make a great frame For your lovely smile I live a lame life One who's meaning has been lost I hope it ends soon The grass grows taller We are born, we live, we die And the grass gets cut A haiku for lost Souls, if you don't know what to Do do the dishes A badge of brutal Blue curtains are drawn on the Police behavior Boased of Qurantine? I can't wait to go outside When will that day come? Cracked skin strums the steel Freeing tunes you held for long Brings you rhythmic joy Three in the morning Droking traffic pollution versus the night sounds No one hears you, yell Deep within the void of space We are abandoned Sometimes you need it Melancholy and slower Just a song sung blue Love you, Mary Jane You are my favorite thing Fuck baby, Yoda It's ma'am you bigot Dude, I'm mental over here Change your norms for me Frustration building The world is not a fine place Darkness takes over The world not at war Clean air and water for all This is paradise Bucks and footsteps Are the Thangs dat he doin'? That's Tamazius Wrong memories Sadden me with happiness From long, long ago The clouds cast shadows In the garden where we danced When I think of you This morning I heard Your song, your voice in my head A broken record Scrub til hands are raw Isopropyl keys and phone? This is normal now Across wintry rocks Froze in a heartbeat's distance A stag's crow eyes flare Summer is ending Like, dandelions in the Wind, we drift away Many rows of teeth Great hunters of the ocean Sharks are very cool I did a haiku Five syllables on my hand Then seven, then five Twenty four hours Nikotin withdrawal pains I have just begun Like hands of a child Tiny tracks in the first snow Looking for a snack? Words have such power One can condense the cosmos In a haiku There will come a day When the last bridge collapses Yet the river flows A student bends low Cherry blossoms overhead Penny on the ground Less fear of sharks Curbing creatures of the deep You have my respect Wrived like an old wheel Rolls along like a river But seldom it roars Spring and the past life A forest of memories An endless cycle Goblins in my skin Haiku'so hard it hurts me I cried and wrote this The lineman hooked A Role and hung by a thread to Repair his webbing On nights like tonight Lonelyness, crowds in so close Wish you felt the same Crimson Red Above Bier sting to your nostrils All hope is restored Slowly undressing Pretty garments falling down Just a stem remains Ocean swells fiercely Waves crashing against the cliffs The cliffs cannot last Potato tacos A tasty and filling lunch I want a repeat Listen with intent To sounds between the silence Melody is born The unknown scares me No way to truly prepare That's why death scares me I have a good boy I wish he was still with me I miss my good boy An empty haiku Short and incomplete story Writen without care Night time is lonely Lost calls from a duck in spring His wife has been caught Dreams are shy creatures The morning call is dreadful One more minute, please I may not wait more Pressing deadline due right now Hurry up and eat Sharp intake of breath Eyes wild like a rearing horse Who canceled Netflix? [Rhythm and meter] Grace and strength given to those Who prefer neither? Ponytail holders Sitting in the summer sun Why do I do this? I am a treasure In an ocean of treasures Swimming steadily Refrigerator Switch Freon with gasoline Incinerator At the men's sauna Be my homosexual Just don't tell my wife Words don't seem to work So many things to tell you Limited by speech Bloody and pregnant Her rape kit helps the police Reunite them all Sleazy, greasy boss Human Resource Department Stay in the closet Here is a candle A slice of sweetness and light Let the flame linger Money, get away You get a good job with more Pay and you're okay Repeating heartbeats Within a tepid pillow Pressed by heft of time I draw on my pipe Late evening by the Willows Autumn Moon waning My cat squats in box Stench rises slowly, skyward Quickly down the stairs Wet season arrives With hard rain, sharp little slaps Black umbrellas bloom Willful ignorance Will always be more toxic Than just plain stupid A somber gray sky Rain lightly taps on the roof Slowly falling down I like to write raps Marathon of words running Some syllable laps Essential worker Continually facing danger Still, they soldier on A flick of the thumb The hard truth is avoided Oh, look a puppy Walking through the woods The wind breathes into my lungs The friendly North Wind Lord, open my lips So that my mouth may proclaim All my praise for you Searching for sharp things Wrong down, devoid of fuck it The grind left me dull Now I'm running late I even woke up early Procrastination Producing me Robotic man brought to life Next evolution They protect me from Prying eyes, suspicious glares My shower curtains Skimming stones on rain Falling brief as phases go Puddles fade by day Delicious sushi I dip you in wasabi My belly, thanks you Tit's or ass, he asked I looked at him with disgust Chestnuts is the answer The ground's eyes open She shakes off her heavy coat And fills her lungs deep Missing you always Perverse silence reigns Unfinished, unsaid We can't erase it Posed for a somber photo Grey washed with sorrow What game should we play? Cards against humanity We're going to hell Words yield great power One can condense the cosmos In a haiku Like a blunt pencil I need you to sharpen me But the lead shatters Feel the burning sun Smell the hot frangipani Taste the trickling sweat Try to be yourself I advise them not knowing What a mirror is Keep your eyes covered My mother's comforting voice Shrieks, but I don't peek At times, nothin works Everything that can goes wrong I dream of the end Today was special It was time to level up Someday I may win Serial killer Of conversations, friendships And relationships We know so many Different faces of friends Yet we know little The rain hurts my heart Let me see my beautiful My darling sunshine Who's ready to teach? How it's done is up to you Your pedagogy Good morning, yourself Correct noon is still morning Tomorrow's Monday Breath in through the nose Hold breath in mind, count to ten Open mouth, exhale Cheap one dollar drinks Of vodka soda with lime Refrigerated with ice in spring I asked she said no Almost thirty years ago Still miss her daily Country music is Guitars and twangy singing Please, God make it stop Sitting in the dark Constantly the future I must make it work Even during sleep The mind is always active Creativity In the moment, life No thoughts about tomorrow Nervous lip, trembles I am rather bored These are the days I yearned for What is wrong with me? Twenty four inch waist Her toddler plays violin Subsequent womanhood A whiskey laced dawn Where dogs run mad with lost love? I sit rose in hand Tequila, sunrise Red orange, yellow ice cold I need another Dead trees wish to bloom [tulips lay at your tombstone Memories blossom The morningstar dared So he was cast down burning To weep in absence Hometown funeral Driving back a railroad wreck? Something in common Words hold no meaning Your true intentions shine through Showing who you are My day is not good I see cute dogs on my phone I am happy now In your eyes, I saw Everglades glaciers, mountains In mine, you saw you Sarcastic marriage Business meetings on Sundays Many lawyer fees Whiteboards are so cool You wipe them clean and write more Their remarkable To be or not be Life is a calamity Poison, dagger, sleep I love the Christians Bigly important people So good at voting I have closed the app Now to do something worthwhile Procrastination High above we meet Transtransental, we remain Free from pain loss fear The cycle goes on Spring, summer, autumn, winter End and beginning Star Star Star Star Star Star Star Over my shoulder, you point Out your favorites Three things in this life Can't be hidden for long The sun, moon and truth A growing pressure My sphincter is pulsating I need to go, Poop Guitar strings buzzing Out of tune and out of key Is it not music? Tinge of jealousy Young girl dancing with her dad Rest in peace, Daddy On the mountain top Or in the deepest valleys Send your gusts through me Broken, quiet dawn Geese, gather on frosted grass Thanksgiving morning So you're in the mob How's organized crime lately? Can you loosen these? What is the term luck? Hard work or coincidence I think you decide Just walking slowly As rain clouds cover the sky The wet, Millipede Dreaming of days past Nostalgie sinks in again Rory sunglasses Go and get coffee When therapy gets cancelled It works just as well Spinning off the edge Falling to the pool below Worried in autumn leaves Coffee, I drink black Wake and bake toke at the lake Heart, hollow, ice cold It goes just like that Might still mean the world to me Now she'll forget me White bourbon blossoms Pebbles frost a beaded cup Hanky, spanky mint I feel it moving The turd, it is very brown I missed the toilet Sun is burning hot Ice cold water helps a lot Don't forget sun cream Drunk guitar sessions Screaming until my throat bleeds forming calluses My loving brother Confirmed and lost in this maze Hope my hand can help Good morning, sunshine The Earth says hello and shit This is a haiku Appendectomy My appendix is bursting 'Thanks for'em Foot to hard pavement Unable to stop for fear Of an endless rest Marijuana gone No dealers exist here now Guess I'm not smoking Got my phd Six years of dedication For this piece of mail The great blue heron Hunting in shallow water Stillness is his tool emptiness creeps in Insidious and subtle Hollow skin prison So before I die I'd like to do something nice Nothing can be done Honey's aroma attracting the great grizzly Away goes the bees Bears eat the salmon The salmon struggle to fend Thus the bears prosper Altogether undisturbed My thoughts are my own once more Depression enters Awaken well rested Enjoy my whole day all day Sleep gives you cancer What is a poem? Unique interpretations Eachance to beliefs I watch the light move Leaves shiver on warm branches Summer walks away Oh, so very sore Feeling too hot and too cold Horrible headache Cranberry juice vibes Some got it all figured out What is wrong with me? Descriptive vowels A vow of defined beauty Indescribable The passenger seat An extra cutlery set With my takeout food I can not go on Life a relentless hellscape There is no escape A half empty bed Selected text messages Another new start Angels called for you God's love and grace they will bring Peace for you, my friend Just like an ocean Unfortunately chasing the moon Hearts beat lonely tunes A yellow leaf falls Bearing just a strip of green Last hint of summer Who would mourn for me? When I put an end to this Unforgiving pain The great Phil Lynott May your memory remain? Within a black rose We watch the sun set Mixed shades of purple pink blue Stars watch over us Words of love and faith Speaked but often not heard Grace is what I need I know what you see 'Cause trust me, I see it too I misplaced my soul Red rises in me Sharp apparatus meets wrist Will I greet first light? The blade kisses me This same ritual pains me Who is listening? Just poured out my wine From now on, I will not drink Took me long enough I'm taking a dump Reading haikus on reddit Will my wife get mad? My face, the bandage It hides my pain from the world My friends still notice Humans are simply Conducts of currency May they never wake? Cast out all your nets Drag them along the seafloor Find my spirit there (Screen of breath outside) No birds in the trees, no leaves Slow fingers today Is this the right path? In life, it does not matter Togetherness does Trouts of loneliness Are a better replacement? For tears from abuse I need a haircut My hair has become a bowl Eat soup from my head Fly close to the sun Time is inescapable melted wings or none Comtemplate this bull It's black fur with ink and words You and I have forged Refrigerator Talking'bout the cold outside Not a bad haiku Barrows crack overhead Raining embers, brush my sleeve I adjust my toys A funny poem Has the power to show us? That we are all clowns Once a lone island The bridge that connected me To others, was you? Heart overflowing Love leaks out from my eyeballs It's happy crying Speak through their lost bones Typewriter keys of real teeth Sins are all it prints Imagine a world Where old money created?  sans fear and hatred I go hungry so When things get hard, I recall That I might survive Like a dream come true Equality for us all Alarm clock ringing Deep yearning like tar The mind womb for bliss and pain Days escape like breath I feel no such chill Wise words, warm worry and woe Speaking of Karma The mountainside hike Postponed due to the weather Tomorrow it is Refine success Health is found in inner peace Wealth in being kind Hands always shaking Her stare hypnotizing me Lips forming a smile You are so alone Try a little honesty And see where you land Power held within I feel potential and strength How do I use it? I have lost my way Though a map is at my side It is no help here In stillness, find peace But be quick, do not waver A moth flutters by Burning myself down Mapping without retracing Siblings in the sand In fading dreams, pain Refuse following my wake It's the price I pay Sometimes you will win Other times though, you will lose Accept both with grace Rain stops, clouds make way Wind helped the sun fix the day Some very strong wind Who minds the lightning? It's the thunder that gets me Too bad they are one Talks me up and down Still the night fighting himself War makes Haikus hard Sundance shifts fading Clouds boiling across landscape Pacific Northwest Today I set out On a journey far and wide Niw my time I bide Submerge me, Barkeep Sink me down to coral reefs I will drown in peace Transforming the trails On which I feel so at home Hi, Mississippi The cold of winter As tangible as a knife Dissolved by spring's warmth Can't dance anymore My hands and feet can still move But my heart does not I want to hold hands And walk under the night sky With someone special Pilgrimage milestones We remember, celebrate Joy and hope we share Man in Bikini Could it be Steve Buscemi? A sight so steamy A man is happy Who thanks to reason has ceased? To hope or to fear How do you do it? Making me feel like I do You are so stellar The cosmic shepherd Says to love one another Why is it so hard? Am I really here? Wishing I were somewhere else Where I want to be Curious spirits Rise into the summer night Above the fire Stastic in my head A sensation of spinning Lost control again The winds feel weird there Are no clouds, though still feels like? A big storm coming Emotional mess Writer's block is my downfall Inspire me, Reddit He paid the price for Flying too close to the sun Hurled toward the sea A beating brass heart Gears clicking in Unison Thanks, Dad, I miss you The moments between Talking to or seeing you Complete agony In search of Haiku Books to learn from and inspire Recommendations Early sign of spring The first crocus has emerged Pushing up through snow Flying in to feast Their cornucopia is Birdseed and raisins ' heavily I rise Alarm sings, curtains open A bird perched outside We were young and dumb When we made the decision To become adults Just like grains of sand Trying to hold on to you Speeds up your escape Hagel pounds on the green Black Cumulonimbus clouds A ruined golf round Keep your composure At the first tear, I falter Oh, sweet surrender I sit on the throne My hope is to pee alone Alas, a child knocks Storm clouds rolling in Swords made of lightning clashing Spring's Sky Warriors Peace is elusive Past conversations echo Stir chaos inside Masturbatory All of these pithy works just Lack depth and meaning Keep moving your tongue The noises that you can hear You're doing it right Beyond hills and streams There lies a lush green meadow Full of life and glee Imagine a tree All alone in the desert Bearing fruits and hope Do you understand? How important is your role? Humor, honey bee It is way too warm I opened all the windows A mosquito bite We exist to serve Madeleine happiness In little tin cans Life is a risk dog You gotta take the big shot Don't worry and smile A dark ritual On your knees, begging for more Expressions of love Eight letters not sent A quietly kept token To remember you? Sleep paralysis Chainsaw turns door to kindling Move arm, move mountain She was there that day I tried to make some contact I was embarrassed Easily blinded Feverly resisting the truth This cannot end well Lover's gently stroll Smell of roses on the breeze A perfect moment Saturday morning A face in the grass, a scream Now, oblivion Giddy over, Gauze But reality had dropped Tears on her bouquet All of my regrets We're transformed into blessings The day you were born Just for a moment Now back to reality It was like a dream The spring flowers bloom Iridescent and thriving Brimming with promise A summer's bright glow Throwing life across the land Until autumn comes Tell them you love them When your life lies behind you That is what matters The Mossy Park bench Made my pants wet and butt itch My hunger pangs stopped Over pruned bonsai My haiku won an award And you removed it Russian meddling Sticked listening in traffic Will no one help us? Perhaps this hobby Constrainting feelings in verse Has reached its autumn Memory of you A gift to last a lifetime Short as it may be On the train platform Wind blowing all around me Sitting and waiting Pancake pavement had A curious little chef Crack open an egg Being singles fine Love, marriage and fatherhood Are secret prisons? Getting out of bed? The greatest feat of my time Apotheosis I ran yesterday For the first time in a year A dead leaf flying So now you're sorry We discussed the end was near Still, you did nothing Feeling very strong Nature pulls me down and back I am now humbled Fueling with diesel? The bottom of my soles reek Driving two months straight I took all the pills You said it will be okay Shadows are still here Music on main street Go on Friday, set a spell In floyd Virginia I'm browsing reddit There is nothing left to see I'll reload the page Old backpack is ripped Memories fade, hearts will break Intense repair Write about nature Sure, but I've yet to go out I am stuck inside Goodnight, everyone From your new haiku master A fresh start for all Intense iced tea Condensation on the cup Dripping dollar bills Remain to pain The waves come in and then go You have held your own Waters move slowly Red and thick, sweet iron flow Waterfalls of man I'm such a moron Did you want to dance with me? I'm kicking myself You me together? Staring at the moonless sky Heartbeats are in sync The Empire State Lots more than just a city It's really quite quaint Anger erupting A deep breath is all it takes Calm the raging storm Oh, oh, one, oh, oh Injected in binary Count that on your hand Hello, tiny bee Do you enjoy the sunlight? As you buzz around Run from emotion I will flee from my dark thoughts Marathon distance I'm a prisoner Unable to roam freely Caged by the unseen Give it to me loud Chugging riffs and screaming leads Heavy metal lives I found my purpose It is not anything big I'm content with this Dark clouds in the sky Loughtness and hardships await Till the light breaks through Acute self loathing Reflecting stupidity Reflect self esteem Your gaze captures me Eyes reflecting the sea's shine A light sunburn forms Single drop of rain And then a thundershower My dog is now wet The snow is falling Are you thinking about me? I will never know My sweetest escape Next to your quivering skin Where I feel complete Her eyes are not fooled They see beyond webs of lies The truth in season Her tiny fingers Whose touch evokes my true soul? I'm finally home Something powerful Is rising up inside me? Do I let it out? I would like to change In something beautiful Powerful and free At sunrise, tears fall Vicissitudes yet unhealed In time grow as love All you had to do Was take a look in my eyes I'll tell you the truth On the building's roof Rain floats down through the still night Time slows with each drop On Sunday morning I wake up late pour dark brew Lir about my date [Bobooby] Traps abound Watch your step, your voice yourself Depend on your friends I want to eat you I miss your taste in my mouth Delicious pizza Variable forms Unleave the ancient lotus Spineing stars grow cold The thing about love Is it makes life pass quickly? Restore its sweetness If you like to talk And need the battle within Just shut the fuck up Pacify the pace Uncorking the quiet and Swishing the silence The finch looks harried Head jutting twice per second It's like chill out, dude Check out this word here Thinking it's better than me That is pretentious A huga smilejoy Child, you touched and warmed my heart Thank you, Lord, for that The love she gave me How safe she would make me feel? How could I forget? A long road ahead I bear a heavy burden But my back is strong Hotel doors unlocked Hackers built a master key Hide under the bed Nighttime, Chamomile Breared at two hundred degrees It comes from China Mighty warrior Quick RPG adventure All told through Haiku Criminal justice Should probably not depend Unusual politics Making love so long Moon and sun switch positions Next morning we leave Wage was sent out And driven to the lake in Sheets of muddy ice Afraid we'll collide Not because of what you'll say I might hear nothing Falls clinging colors Hang on a little longer Winter's call comes soon Sky is a deep pool Tip the shore and drink of it Submit your thirsty eyes A crow watches me Nervously and I get that It's how I watch you Your post must be text I'm sure we've got more to share Neighbor subreddit Great day tomorrow We will write Haikus in class Mine will be the best Should I listen, friend? Words of God are all I need Worldly words, mislead I invented you No flaws, only perfection Why is my heart broke? I have not eaten No sleep, no water, no breath All I need is you Avocado toast Sourdough spread with green goodness Cheaky yumminess Earth worm on pavement Lost in a cold, heartless world Who will intervene? A dark shadow plays The chords of a piano A song from the past Evil can be good When you use the right amount World Domination I'm deathly tired But I'll leave you this haiku With hopes you'll sleep too Morning distractions Afternoon boredom eating At night, the flood comes Morning sun has left Promises from yesterday I opened my eyes Birds perched on a branch Swaying in the summer breeze Fuck the fucking fuck The wind awakens The raindrops fall on my face Why am I still here? Rib subluxation Now is not the time to cough What a way to go? Tears, roll down my cheeks Your carelessness so hurtful A punch to my chest Trying to stay calm Lavender is depleted Would Clary sage work? The first thing I do After falling off the cliff Up the stairs again You leaned into me As you laughed, brushing my arm Electricity Weather that I like Joy for me, stifling for you United in love Take it slow for now You cannot rush perfection Maybe not that slow My head is bleeding The Zit I show is shameful It burst while kissing A storm from heaven Rain pounding at the window It's all over now End Times call for end Measures mean nothing to the Heart wants what it wants I failed once again A first step is what I need Up I go today A little red breast Your namesake visited me Singing at sunset Twisting and turning Rippling, falling, crashing To the end of time Being for others There are no red hot pokers Here we are in hell She's working from home Her diet is atrocious Unless I'm cooking I saw you standing Hand resting on heavy heart Weeping for lost love How must it have been? For the failed apprentice of The last alchemist The rains torment me Droplets and downpours, they both Turn cold my feelings Reseting windows Folder options, double click Do I or don't I? Soft, warm autumn rain Between the soggy gold leaves Wrongs come out to play The house of the sun Leaves falling, death, birth rising All for you, my love Vibrant pandemic Selling weed is essential Stay medicated Rain on the window Leaves swaying in the cold wind Thoughts of you unasked? Weather rules this day Breath, cold, seek warmth, a hug, please Love will get us through Let's go on a date We can eat grass and pretend That we're cows in love Travel to future What will happen tomorrow? I can know it now I wish I could fly I'm not made of gasoline Or toll booth money Bright smile, teary eyes She wears the same mask daily She'll get over it Leaves hold on no more The winds want to set you free Take courage and fly Cute little bubble Dancing through the air, bliss feels Oh, wait, pop the end Why do I feel bad? Butterfly's in my stomach Stress over nothing A single leaf adds To the mass, very good mulch For a hungry Earth It was never me The excuses that I made Not to live my life Flower in a fist Feel it crunch and pop and bleed Chocked by broken stem Voices in the night Can they hear us too silence? Quick, get behind me Hamburger, helper No one ate it for dinner My head hangs in shame The phone rang six times Hello, she whispered still hoarse Only heard his breath You make my knees weak Your passion swallows me whole I give in to you Road curving ahead Considering my options Could keep going straight Wanna hear something? No listen, no listen, hey I'm not obnoxious On my side of town The rain never seems to stop Even with no clouds Strict wildcat streets A trained specialist lurches Enjoying the spawn? Pratherous mountain Euphoric and troublesome New paramedic I saw her face here Looking out over the sea Then I fell in love Time to say sorry To pause before I react Re renew everything Crisp bubbles rising Golden hues, glimmering bright The smell of fresh hops Cold, ferocious winds They break the silence of night Nature's warning voice I broke that birdbath For you because I knew how Much you hated it Decadent madness I lie awake in the night Confounded by it With the headphones on He watch tongues flap in the wind Like archaic flags You a wilted rose Strikingand in need of love I shall be your sun My palate transformed Scooched ships crashed on the sea shore Islay Scotch Whisky? Hidels are mugging A handle on skating with Flakeing marshmallows? Early morning gym Sweating, pushing breathing hard What the utter fuck? Tan granules expand To deep blue icy ripples My sanctuary Tear down Lennon Wall Those patriotic students Only wear supreme The warmth of his skin Supple with each conscious touch Widens pleasantly What it is to be? Folded wings of a sparrow An unpicked apple I want to be yours Put your head on my shoulder Tell me you love me There's nothing sweeter Than having the taste of you Stamped upon my lips I am so damn bored I am so damn bored in fact I wrote a haiku Democracy brings A sucullent Chinese meal Well, how about that? Another hot day Walking along the river Sun also swimming My face flushing red Dark thoughts are inside my head Want to see you dead? With the water still The dock creaks under the weight The ripples scatter Foreign aromas Lake Today Tomorrow Rain I was younger then Weekend ends sideways Too much stress, not enough rest Can't let the night go This whiskey makes me Long for your skin against mine I cannot bear it At night in my room Collapsing in on myself Singularity Trotting in the yard A whimpered search continues No home for a bone A boy lay up high Down the dry ground, make him sad For that, he will cry How the city lights? Make us feel like this is life And yet, emptiness Chicago Winter L train rumbles overhead Snow falls silently Your eyes reflect skies A surface of stars on skin Under the moon It excited him Raising all over her skin It's great to be soap Chaos and order One creating the other Now balance remains Stop ignoring me I want to tell you something I want my dick sucked There is so much to Remember that beautiful? Unged moments Chin up, little guy Fly towards that morning sun The world waits for you Twinkling, Starlight Cold cosmic radiation All becoming dust Damaged beyond help I can't function normally My brain is broken A gentle, crisp breeze Autumn embraces my face Seasons past linger Cool pool, dip my feet Rivers running down my back soaking up summer What did you order? I forgot what I wanted What am I doing? Friendship is a gift Souls enlighten each other The divine oneness To be quite honest Downvotes do hurt my feelings They are real to me When I'm far away From the people who love me I feel kind of free The fights have begun There is jealousy and games All fun to the end When my eyes open My heart sees you through my eyes Then it smiles brightly Make no mistake, friend The ghosts of your past are here They shall consume you Monet and Van Gogh On exhibit umbrellas In the New York rain I just feel alone It is killing me inside Thanks for being here Where am I going? Everything just fucking sucks Get over yourself Slow, am I to learn? Thanks for your patience, my Lord Teach me love each day Bees bees bees bees bees bees bees Oh, God, they are everywhere This is agony Born into this world Breathing until the last day Blessing of living History, time, bro Japan's sixteenth century Hokku staked its claim Clouds in the chill full Moon breaks free, catches my eye Together alone Look for the bright spots They will light up your darkness Eventually I have made you look Last sentence: Four syllables I got you again Working on writing Here is a tiny haiku Please have a nice day The cat loves to blaze Marijuana all day long A high cat haiku Year resolutions Never meant to be followed Just for peace of mind Manual breathing Inhaling and exhaling Your heartbeat pumps blood Here I am hanging By an umbilical thread From your vicious lies It's the little things That I wish you would notice Because I love you Just a bit prickly I don't need that much water I was still too much The night sky winking Sleeping with one eye open Dreaming of daytime Thank you, friend Spider You work enough for us both Lazy summer day Delicate snowflakes Accelerated by gusts Becoming Ninja Stars Do the loons cry out? Of love or of loneliness Under this full moon Vigilant angels! Still tender to their plots in A carving of wings What does it matter? Everything is conjecture No money, no food People ask for rain Does not mean you bring the storm? Sometimes less is more I'd just like to sleep Assume position close eyes And think of nothing We breach the building We breach the inner chambers Where will peace come from? Do not fake yourself Through acceptance of your faults You can become free We married in bloom Seasons came and went in breeze And calm life passes Insides are broken Eat too much peanut butter Reader, please send help Gone but remembered Time was but an unknown gift We cry out for more Vanquishing demons achieving inner balance Let the bad stuff go A thin pane of glass Protects me from icy wind Who is more fragile? Finger, my six strings Build up to a crescendo While I gently weep Most haikus are just Run on sentences that need More punctuation Friday bored at work Just a typical weekday Almost the weekend Like a bag of bricks Today hit me in the chest Keep moving forward I know I know it Is not ignorance but bliss? It is enchanting Fermi questions me Why is humankind alone? Are you sure we are? Ask not of the lark To explain its morning song Close eyes and listen Tell me how it feels To have someone fight for you Will I ever know? Torn paper too soon Steaming mud waits on my toes With all hope burning Social media Stop scrolling through the stories Silence is needed Murmur of the Brook Stomachs up the highway roar Once your feet get wet The proudest monkey Swing on a saxophone Lung to limb easy To forge on and on To push see feel grow yearn fail Learn to love and fail Trump sucks Donkey Dick Getting Corona better Please, God make it stop Back to the routine Return to normality Comfort in clockwork By the frozen lake On the slopes of the mountains Black Bears, Hibernate Snow the mountain's crown Cloak of dusk about her feet Parfumed with wood smoke This imposing stone Offers no impediment If I am water Many Facebook friends We oft interact online All of them are snakes Eat a big cookie Now I feel like complete ass I regret that choice Gods with glowing boughs Ruby Amber, sparkling rime Beckon in the woods Took six hundred years And defying gravity Just minutes to fall Don't fear the unknown Walk out into that darkness Your eyes will adjust Haikus are quite nice But sometimes they don't make sense Refrigerator Your request, I fill Even when you give no thanks Love is my reward I lived in a house And even slept in a bed Obsolete nonetheless Unbearable heat I step into the cold stream A brief remedy Ice on yellow leaves Lizard hiding in Bird's Nest Keeping the birds warm I have an ocean For a heart and you're the ship Sewing upon it In the neighborhood Signs divide the red and blue You hate to see it Monika knows best All the girls will now be gone My poor doki friends Feeling flirtatious I make a grab at your butt Oh, frick, my mom saw I'm still in the dark But I see the light sometimes 'I am still going' Holding onto hope Sweet release from Sanity Tring me apart No cure for the blues Turns computer off, pours wine Googling symptoms Sadness surrounds you Armour which isolates you? Love seeks to break through I ignored your text But I saw you at the bar I'm in love again Needed a haircut Saddly, my flatmate obliged Now I blame myself An unsure person That is what I thought myself Then I changed my mind A harsh drought sets in The narrowing stream runs dry Fish, lie motionless Dusk seemed forever When the moon had lost its light It was a Sunday Signs all around me Should I stay or should I go? I can't escape you Before your wedding You said I was your best friend Now I am a ghost If you're feeling sad Come into my open arms I will comfort you Why would I count sheep? With all of these anxious thoughts Visiting tonight? The last Christmas gift Is doorway grandparents who? Wrapped them in a kiss It can be harmful To follow the march of those Who go before us? We resonated Like sound of a chainsaw does With a swarm of bees Could have had it all Blooming anger clouds the mind Get over it, Marc Move over, make room Night sky, oh, you've been much fun New light, break away Dunking the cookie Cold milk on hot summer day A refreshing snack Lost, I failed to pray Your love found saved me today You are awesome, Lord Apathy within My soul falters with this weight Sticked here in this hole The rafters buckle Raining embers, brush my sleeves Curbings make me cry Psychological truth Doublethink in jester's head Will never be said We fought against it The coming war to end war With bullets and guns A cool milky moon Splends through an open doorway She drinks in silence Each strand, a teardrop But have peace, your roots run deep My weeping willow Fox peeks through laurels White flowers buzzing with life Eyes watch, Butterfly To be born at night To look first upon the stars Dawn before the dawn The physical pain Hirs, knees, ankles and hips Ever present ache? Rounding a corner See it hanging low and red Unexpected moon My great therapist She really liked my haiku The Icarus one Don't change who you are For what society is Telling you to be Time continues by A fading dream dissipates Decades wash away The mirror greets me No longer an enemy Always a stranger Looking for answers? In the icons on a phone Sleepless morning looms Her voice haunting me [whispers] From a photograph Memories as ghosts One hundred lashes One hundred coats of lipstick Sixteen million views Rain on still, petal Feel languid want of water Gorgeous vibration Queen Victoria Matriarch of Great Britain Also great TV Your daddy was wrong There is something waiting for You outside your door I am drowning here This sea of missed connections Smothering my smile Favourite old tree I remember when you were A seed in my hand They will be gone soon Waves of despair engulf me There is no escape Open to your love I find the path forward, Joy Your footprint's my steps Haiku therapy Feelings in five, seven, five A concise release All the little things Making my young life go round My dad, watchmaker My first childhood friend A day thousand adventures I will remember midnight on a farm The crickets were cricketing A slight mist floats in If you must burn time Place the flame so friends enjoy The warmth and the light Proud, Sika, scraping Crunching leaves gives way to chase Velvet emerges Today comes my way ' positively beautiful' And without delay We once talked all night Now we barely talk at all Where did we go wrong? McCut and mire heaven Bounce down eating offal An alligator I'll take my brushes And paint the sky blue just for You and only you Ever the rebel? Will you ever find peace, Joy? Throughs shed hope, lives love Good thoughts, then sad thoughts Everything reminds me, ugh How do I forget? You cannot help me I don't want to hurt you so Please just go away Who is truly sane? In a world full of crazy Not for us to know Heavenly embrace Gentlemen, you tug at my clothes Caress of the wind In the willow tree Young lovers hide in secret Between the branches Fear breathes on my neck Hands on the wheel, cataracts Bloom and eat the road We walked for ages Looking for a better home We yearned for the end Who is this woman? She has been here all along Waiting to be heard Red behind blue eyes My deadly waning gibbous Life goes on and on The cold, bitter wind That cuts straight through to the bone Also stokes the flame My soft skin opens Draws you in earns your trust and Then swallows you up When will I see you? I open my eyes,it's you Forever, are we? I give thee no fucks There's not even one for me No fucks to be seen I want to be numb Or maybe just forgetful What was I saying? In a Rusted town Wweeds entomb old rail road tracks New Necropolis Creative outlets Turn in to express outward What do I look for? Morbidly obese And hydroxychloroquine Let me try it out A struggle to breathe An endless ongoing war It will be okay Whether you stay home? Or party till the sunrise Next year is your year She could always wait Cigarette ash grew too long I could only stare Maps and mysteries Will never lead love, Astray With you at my side Eyes open, still dark Reach for the phone to check time Oh, my God, my eyes Plant your toes in soil Nature nurtures life and love Your sole with your soul When words leave your mouth? There is no taking them back The tongue holds power Pop the champagne flows Confetti of emotions Bubbles mix with blood Always on my mind Your scent, your smile, your hands, you I want to hold you I have a problem All my comments are Haiku's Please send help post Haste A vowel dwelling And a scrubby consonant Spelling out sparrows Beautiful night sky Like an oil spill caught ablaze Beauty is tragic Splash your emotions For just ten seconds a day And live hollowly Really wanna poop Coming out of my rectum Clenching really hard Mouth from workday The air tonight speaks of rain Tomorrow morning Out of the fire But into the frying pan Will this ever change? Dark days loom longer Time will reveal the answers Pasure is the key The past isn't all bright Black pages should be read too Who says Gray's boring? A tune we all know A few notesMy mind is filled And a smile erupts Coming home too soon Crushing leaves under my feet Am I worth it yet? Climbing with your help With you, the path is leveled Why do I worry? Took refuge under A celebration of leaves Wanting a reprise? Friends, can you forgive? So much lovesimply ignored Prayerchoose life, choose love Happy puppy runs Flailing like an idiot Cutest thing ever Wings over water A quick descent, splash and grab Osprey gets his fish I'm looking outside Leaves fluttering in the wind Very colorful Take me where the stars Shine bright in a cloudless sky And old regret fades Moss loving mushroom Weird sons of the thunder Hidden, discover! He has long dark hair I am infatuated A mere fleeting crush Morning mist, cool breeze Nature singing, sun rising A deep breath, pure joy Pink blossoms drift slow With them, spirits travel far They bring piece of mind Hairtie on my wrist A ring of some sort on thumb These are my constants If their attorney Made reasonable demands They have a weak case Pressure in morning I thought it was just gas, though Mistake in pants, oops The world is scary It's OK to feel afraid It shows confidence I miss you a lot I really hope you slept well What's the plan for lunch? Wind licked nose turns red Clenching fists in cold pockets When will the sun come? Once upon a time At the end of a rainbow Lived a rattlesnake I miss holding you Your painful kiss on my skin My sweet razor blade All day I have slept All night I shall be awake Nothing to wake for For her, I must smile In the dark, cold, gloomy night The sky is falling Open and close doors Late nights with total strangers Undoing buttons Eating salty pork? Listening to old music Nicer than I thought Equality The early bird is no match For the early fox Moists buzz me I attack intent to kill But miss ow my balls I feel so empty Just needing to hear your voice I can't say goodbye Karma, good or bad Never knowing what you had Missing u so sad Bathtime is fun, yay I like to wash my self clean There is room for two I saw your hunger Your eyes hold such a story Please sit, let us talk Goodnight and good day Sunshine burns turns out the light Rise and fall again Tallest in the East Go get a bumper sticker On Mount Washington Morning tinder gal I'll no doubt draw you today I hope you like it No point in walking The bridge has already burned Shall we take a swim? Is it a disease? It cannot be a disease It is a disease Waves lapping my feet The sea says, come play with me I take the first step No word holds more weight It's implications are vast If'and only if Your light shown this day Memories of days long past Forward, hand in hand Biking for Earthworms Robin's backside is peeking Her ruffled bloomers Maim the model's face Throw that acid fast and strong Morals must be learned Nature hears the cries Storm clouds open on cracked land Quenching its parched throat When making friends with Bhuddists don't get too attached They certainly won't Does pain inspire art? It makes mine more depressing So yeah, fuck you, Dad Strike one strike two three Discounted before we met Online dating drags It has been too long Flutters, clacks ignored no more The typewriter speaks Color me ashen Will the sadness ever end? I guess we will see The value of words Too easy to go, Astray Choose them carefully Black makes nice contrast Velvety blakness abounds So stars can entrance Four words is needed Ancient Chinese proverb style Four words is plenty A haiku is not Just splitting up sentences To fit syllables For once I have prepped Tzatziki and carrots Falafel for lunch Candy, my candy The sweetness you provide me And diabetes I'm weak and weary Quite this and nothing more Let my heart be still I know I'm stupid I am just a hypocrite I am who I am A white lily booms A day of peace, love and life Peace Day came at last Living in a world In which I have no control What are they up to? Heralds of the Christ Are a martyrdom of pines? Lay to rest at curbs A wordless exchange Silent love like cats on A Moonlit balcony Adventures await So much of life is ahead I am too tired That's so sweet of you Pleasure the priority But honey, I'm bored Intensively watching Passivity clouds the mind Content to survive He kissed you last night God, you thought men are scary As you kissed him back We stand together People we do not know now We fight together All around is hate People stand shaking their fists How long must I wait? Wallsso high,why climb? [Wallsno matter how I turn Wallshurdled with grace Gather round the camp Crystal Lake appears haunted You hear that music? Soldiers of the Sun March through the prism of light Travers to Rainbows Giving is my drug A smile's what gives me the high The addiction's real Startled by a bee Mistaken for a flower Rest your wings, my dear When two become one Memories of today live Still waking alone? Warm mushroom filled days Walking in the park with you The grass will catch us That's enough thinking Don't be a bitch about it It won't hurt that much She does not want me Drinking in the snowy streets I'm coming over Killing the monster That I don't want to be real It can't be done yet In armour and veil The view in her world is grim Lest her guard dissolves Two sides of a coin One of sorrow, one of hope But both sides are me Phosphine, oh, Phosphine In the clouds of Venera How can you get there? Gentle breathing breeze The sun gives warming kisses Tracious and serene Sweet words, fill the air Your voice sends shivers through me I melt like honey Took a long road trip Praying being alone Is easier now Frequences collide Hollow hearts illuminate Fingers wrapped in red His's of the heater And sweaty limbs of some man Her eyes seek daylight With a longing heart In the unknown, I ride My shadow falls long Darting eyes meet mine Panic strewn across her face Caught in an affair Cooking is so hard The lunchpack of Notre Dame Eating monster We all turn to dust I need to leave my mark here Not on the toilet Haikus and candy My siren song calls children Playdate rated X There's times when it hurts Thinking of you when I know I'm not in your head Abrogation defeated Maintaining neutrality Ajit's nose bloodied White buds now make way For pink flowers, this must mean That spring has blossomed Invest in bitcoin It is a sure bet, they said Now I drive my home Many times I tried Always ended in failure Maybe it is I Love is everything But what is it without you? Just come back to me Time to take a piss What the hell are you doing? I'm taking a piss Their existence passed Britishsweet recollections They were never there I thought you should know Epstein did not kill himself It is obvious I always wonder Is there a future for us? Lifetime in your arms Scorpio season We muster up the vigor To endure winter Sometimes lie awake Unable to close my eyes Who let the dogs out? Just get over it There's nothing left for us here The brain told the heart My keys were missing Honey, have you seen my keys? Never mind found them Neon orange streaks Over frosted wonderland The sun has risen It's always the same I cut my hair to atone When I break her heart Unrestrained abuse In the guise of being just No motive to stop Dang America I am so disappointed We must do better A great day outside Dug deep holes, my legacy Big, muddy paw prints Pornography's art Where you know how you will feel Before you see it Sunday morning hike Falled leaves look like bran flakes Crunch under my boots A trace of August Songs of farewell left unsaid Worrying through the night? Do you still exist? When I look away from you Are you just a thought? Freezed to the core Ever breaking ever more? Broken ever more I felt her fingers With my nose, I traced her thighs Layed kisses like tiles Eyes filled with hatred As she faces her mirror Now just shards remain Autumn's a trickster It fools you with warm colors As you get colder Feels claustrophobic Induce asphyxiation Missing solitude Under her dress She keeps her precious secret It's not his baby Please, will you be there? When I wake up from my dream I miss you a lot I'm in an uber Sitting in silence throughout I'll give him five stars Lunchtime on Fleet Street A frantic frenzy for food Up north, a lark tweets Another other Of collective confusion Days of waking down This, I know for sure Although my wounds are many I am still standing Live laugh, love listen Steps of death approaching Eternal silence One hundred twenty That's not even from the start Just from my last post That soft whooshing sound Cars late for work as I drowse It must be raining Tossing cloudy sheets Over the horizon and Tucking in the sun A week to give thanks Thanks for love received from you You have taught me well My thoughts are spilling I struggle to lift my head Flash flood with no end What is going on? Aurora Boris Inside your kitchen While meditating The blackbird stirs my focus With delightful songs Fearlessly, she leaps Wings disturbing morning air In circles, she flies Plan given to me Step by step, I follow it Jesus, I trust you Stardust Sandcastles This fix betwixt our eyes Throughoutly inward Sitting with old trees Sharing the young morning breeze Finally, at peace First tea of the day Sun shining through the window When someone loves you A big dick fills me I force my husband to watch I love when he cries Read mythology Got interrupted by friends Who then brought more friends? Wind blows, mountains grind Water flowes avoiding rocks Leaves, fall grass dances Sit with me and watch Dawn behind, dusk, just ahead A dance, then no more For a crumb of love I will give you my whole world Small as it may be There is no joy left Remorsefully, I sit alone Just waiting for death A silent cell phone Wheels your pocket down much more Than it really should Shitpost on Reddit The user reconsiders The post disappears Bonsai, litterbox Carefully arranged, Zenlike Dead leaf colored cats Roast lamb potatoes Parsnips and asparagus Carrots and gravy I only feel pain Favourite burning feeling More hot pockets, please This sub name, Hyphen This sub name must surely drive A very big truck Sometime one's silence Is louder than confession? Read between the lines Ink stains blank paper Rich illustrations of word Each page a mirror Manipulation I know how to treat a girl I do what I must Palm trees swaying free Sun setting on a red sky Stories always end Joyous elation Unfettered exuberance Springs forth from the earth Walking in the snow Questions I don't even have Still searching answers? Words are limited Trying to explain your thoughts I'm sorry, my brain I can play Haiku It is not worth many points I will lose scrabble Always seek to prove Your perception is untrue Truth is not finite Why do you linger? I want to be free of you But I can't let go Picking a poison? Which one will kill me slower? Thank you for voting Adulthood scares me Raising a daughter or son Through cosmic warfare Half asleep, I wake The morning makes me regret A night of youtube Red Columns Rising Under a green firmament Rhubarb Shades Rabbit Printer does not budge I have assignments due soon Maybe tomorrow The fruit of my soul Picked clean by the screaming black Birds of Depression I wish I knew when My breathing turned painful that I should have quit you Hand in the river Water passes through fingers On the banks, I stand My cat is dying All I can do is to cry Farewell, my dear friend It was so damn close Perspective is everything Tough rear mirror In a silent world The air stands still and birds sing Of spring through the night Get up, it's night time Everyone else is asleep Try to keep quiet If there is no one You can give all your love to Give it to yourself Brown wrinkly skin spots Where did I put the car keys? Child become again Frozen wind, howling The branches bare and blackened Tomorrow, flowers Feeling my heart beat I need to make a big change Hey, Barbell, don't cry Refuse losing you Perhaps we will meet again Reincarnation Toad's yellow brick gold Flying monkeys lie in sties Lions and scarecrows Everlasting joy You kissed my lips, said I do And two became one Silence in winter Musical Birdsong in Spring Heat pervades summer [Bolprop] Testingcheats Enabled true motherlode Mother control, C Just like the seasons Pains and pleasures cycle through Spring will come again You guys must not know That haikus are not supposed To be one sentence Autumn winds arrive Parading through the tree tops While the leaves applaud Like rats in a maze Maybe in another life We would all be free Supporting the arts Patrons forest walk under Color canopies Got nothing to lose Taking my hands off the wheel See where it might go Met my dad today Meetup in Afghanistan All this time, same war Wet nose pointing north Tail wagging against the tree The pup sniffs the air Hashmongers hate it With this simple trick, you can Hate not the haters Pretty prolific Pompous on a pedestal Alliteration What is a haiku? Five, seven, five is the key And sing it in song Haikus don't make sense It's raining on Mount Fuji Refrigerator Boasing lockdown drags I want to enjoy sunshine Equally not die Thin thorns in my flesh Dip off on my friend's best friends Sip on my tea first I speak somber words Yet feel them less than others How funny we are Hand in hand, we walked But there is no time to talk You are leaving me The days I look up In the stars and beyond I just seem so small Observing the world Only a tiny being Amongst the giants That lecture bored me Classist uptight obvious Unclench your asshole Loneliness each day Loved the embrace of cold I'm living as dead Sunrise comes again Another day has its turn Old wounds become scars Depression is like An ever growing monster And one day I lose Coronavirus Now, in my predictive text Waiting for the rain Chicken noodle soup Warm blankets and disney plus Get well soon, my love Rushing toward goals Burnt scattered without reason Find quiet living It is not that hard Five, then seven, five, once more Does not need to rhyme Forgot easy The good turned, bad can return Is it what you want? As I write my thoughts Sitting on an old park bench I write this haiku When I was still yours I'd walk hours to see you But not anymore What is that sweet scent? A perfect start to today Banana pancakes Need a to do list I wrote one item on it Make a to do list Wish we never met Broken people, break people But I still love you Before this ship sails Joe, exotic wow just wow She killed her husband Her heart full of love Confusion and sin mixed in Happy Mother's Day My yes paves the way Whether smooth or treacherous God's grace gets me through You lived your life caged To end up upon my plate Now you're free at last I chew lots of gum To keep food cravings at bay A high school flashback Drough tarmac'so grey Home to a soggy kebab Welcome to London A light, cold and dim Flickering above my head A lightbulb goes out Your love surrounds me In every thought word deed Peace and joy with you In an old farmhouse Where the dairy cows are milked? A man hung himself I hear a strong drink Takes the bite out of the cold You must be freezing It has been raining In my head since forever I think my crops drowned Two souls and two screens Sending late night messages Gone in the morning Spacious, blazing heat Languor abounds the village Flowers turn to fruit I took a big bite Of the sweetest of your lies And fell for the taste Worth and confidence Sanity as well as joy Just take something else I have been thinking More than rest should allow me How fast things have changed? A forest of green The home of great miracles I wish to see it In the dark glass house A thousand eyes to watch you Hopeless suffering If you could read minds You would never have to ask Why do you love me? Mornings with pink skies Motes of red light shine at dusk Why are my days grey? Silent suffering Why did I not see it then? Together we weep You piece of garbage? Give me back my garlic bread I know where you live Shout screams of silence In a vacuum of space A deafening pitch Always on my mind Your love and lifegifts for me Each opened with joy War all of the time No cities and no heart left The Earth herself weeps I am Icarus The boy who will touch the sun I have found my wings Born in a barrel There's no judgment in my glass Only empty hearts Sparks in the darkness Light for my path today, friend Just what I needed Havoc this morning Rare for me to want breakfast Her presence remains Help, I feel alone I need somebody right now I just need a hug Waiting in a van? Here comes that sweet little boy Copper don't catch me How long do I wait? Should I keep chasing what's here? Or is there nothing? The model for all With grace, can I follow him? Throughs of love this day If a equals B Winds of change lost to the breeze Hope and faith remain Trump sucks Donkey Wang Getting Corona better Please, God make it stop Lines in the gravel Stable and rarely falter Remind me to breathe Songs to cuddle to Remembering your bright smile? Wishing you were here Did you hear it, too? A savage growl in the dark The beast is hunting Who chooses to live? When the wrong person has died Your life was so blessed Opportunity To fulfill my lifelong dream If not now, then when? This is the first part A story I want to share Don't read this at night We split into two Scrub and mop and white and clean A shadowless room A few nights ago I dreamt that you dreamt we kissed And woke feeling good On the phone with you I keep talking, not knowing You've fallen asleep Always meant always Me and my stupid big mouth I'm really sorry Food for my journey Joy in the midst of such pain Humorous, am I Lord? Across the expanse Where pens and papers divorced? I left words for you Lizard died today Abdecedent of dinosaurs Gone to join his fam When Sativa hits I love all of my haiku In the morning trash I can't change the past So I try hard tomorrow Again and again An inch to the right Two men shuffle clumsily An inch to the left Sometimes I run out Words can be hard to come by It's been said before Four blue birds fly east Leaving the fifth at the nest Spring can't come sooner Demons in my head Why won't you leave me alone? I have felt enough We are fatter now Wispy hair and deep wrinkles Still two dear old friends Quiet in the woods Paper boat will never reach The plastic island Am I nothing but? A million moving pictures Seeming by dewdrop eyes I'm a bitter fuck The feel of your skin lingers This is killing me With Father Imbued The son rises each morning Guided by spirit Pale eyed and long hair Free and dancing in the wind I will never be Death is eternal Life is but a few moments Live in those moment Wonderful wedding Caughter and his bride rejoice I rejoice with them You are my comfort When things around me seem dark I'm led by your light Discrimination Often directed at me Dissin, my nation We were seventeen Fall in love and had no clue This was meant to last Eyes start to water Hands reach out to rope me in I am bound to you Life is always good Why do anything at all? Do nothing all day General statement Then a tired metaphor How enlightening? Frog, why are you there? Riding on car roofs can kill Adventure time, ho? Snakeine Elder Enchanted dragon wisdom The key to the light All life is precious Do not squander this moment For it is fleeting Virgin in despair Attempts to get a girlfriend? But he was too old If you show your claws You cannot pick the flower Only scars will show Who am I really? Is my life truly worthless? What is my purpose? How are you good, sir? I am very well, thank you You are welcome, sir The sun shines longer Crocuses, push back the dirt Ospreys dive for fish Drunk, optimistic Sober fuck you, sour swill Always want to leave Crocus, flower sprouts Announcing spring's arrival New chances await On the way to work The world looks just so pretty Through the bus window On the cusp of spring Proof emerges from the cracks Ants in the kitchen Minnow's dart below Insects skit on the water Tiny toes, dangle I watch you suffer Hurry you by trying to help You're lost in yourself Wandering alone Without a destination Without any goals Seafoam glass mirror Drops from darkness, sunshine, tears Break down all my fears Rudd man has no class Arrogance forbids his joy Serves him right, suffer My task is given Though the time is fleeting past I wait anyway In my room, angels Pull out my eyes on my tongue In my ears, the sky Without prejudice The alchemy of fire Turns all into ash Now, will you begin? To do what you want to do You're always dying Relentless Kudzu Smothers, the prized rose garden A jealous embrace Anglers wading through Melching snow carves the mountain Rivers born anew No need to oppress My depressor works just fine Abdulding, I begin A lonesome spirit All must return home sometime Where even is that? Thirteen minutes could Save fifteen percent or more On car insurance In her eyes on snow The wind takes words, a blown kiss [Mocking Bird] Forlorn With a poor man's clothes Or the richest in the world I remain myself Oh, little Jen was Always five steps behind me When did she catch up? Why the rituals? I have done enough to see No joy comes from it I cannot endure The sad, unfortunate truth That I am alone Imagine a world Where the animals feel safe? When we are nearby The horse rolled its eyes But 'twas more disconcerting When it rolled, it's R's [ flapjacks] Bacon eggs That is my breakfast today Washed down with coffee This pulse between us Alluring and electric We must never touch Many months, no pants The zipper and I struggle Against each other Wild Bird, you teach me To hold out my open hand But not wait for you A ramparted heart Past pains, proverbial walls Vigilant to all It sure would be nice If everyone stopped lying And told me the truth If you are lonely Just remember this haiku And I'm there with you Found yourself falling Because there were hints of care Phantastic Will you follow me? To the depths of the dark sea Just to breathe for me Emotional, but Nowhere to express myself Except for online chasing my losses I know I can win it back Casino Blackjack Song of the Rainstorm [ Pitter] Patter, drip, drop drop A gift loved alone A proper haiku Contens four, then seven then Four more syllables I don't remember Asking you a god damn thing Siri spies on me Joy sought'error found' Love picked me up, set me straight Life is worth living Cicadas on trees Their buzzing calls summertime They sing loud til dusk Ran away from you This time was the final time Until the next time Looking for a buzz Paperclip in an outlet Oh, yeah, that's the stuff It is a short life With too many distractions This is one right here Thomas Jefferson Champion of Liberty Evil slaveowner Shrek has saved his swamp He brought Fiona with him They are both ogres [Slightly winds guide] My way Dawn rising in the distance I cannot stop now Today's my birthday Death slides one more stone across On his abacus Milk fresh from the cow Delivered quickly to me Just boil it and drink Carrots and Hummus Such delightful snack buddies I am become death I cannot be more Than the sum of my old parts Please believe I am This wooden heart swells Meaned to hold her lovely soul When it does, it burns I love overwatch It's competitive game mode Is quite frustrating A dusty old gi What stories could you tell of? Failure and success I like to suck toes I like the smell of old socks Hit me up, ladies Dog toys on the floor A deadly trap in the night Falling unaware My head was fuzzy I could not think properly Anxiety leave Lungs full of fresh air The dandelion wishes Dancing on the breeze Like the snow that fell This place was once unblemished Now, just sludge remains Got to make some green This damn hunger is torment My lust is not cheap For someone like me Who always picks at her wounds? I will never heal Love is not for all But all seek it in the end Beating all for more I am an odd man But I like most other folk Only need respect Pipes bridging a gap Currents that once pushed and pulled Closed valves, cutting flow Fall is more than leaves It's a sneeze in the breeze and Bees in apple trees Emotion sickness Lonelyness, sadness and fear  alone sad and scared So many choices Some right others wrong,hindsight? Best with your grace, Lord Colorful insects Reflect the spectrum of light Eyes seeing wonder These words I plucked straight From the Indian Summer You left in my heart Drinking and smoking? Bury my heart, six feet deep Let time fill the hole Lost under the night A roaring plane passes by Ink smudges her lips Warm air, gentle breeze Sensing love surrounding me How blessed are we all? Is my cup now full? Perhaps it is now empty Still, it pulls my hand I orbit the sun Today, the twenty ninth times Hope peace and blessings Thank you, kind stranger For letting me cut in line This haikus for you Wander to the beach Gaze out into the ocean What is my purpose? I hate that feeling A night of festivity That I turned to sleep Life is a mere joke Too far from being funny We all feign laughter Heating cold pizza The cheese bubbles once again lava on my tongue Auburn coloured clouds Do their best to hide the sun Yet it waves goodbye Left right, left, right, left What is the correct approach? There's no point in love Protests erupting There is no virus like man Autumn may bring hope The windy section Conducted by the maestro To blow in the march The tree is growing No matter how big or small It may need support Oh, what a pleasure To see trees lining my path Of discovery Distinct music hums Reechoes rhythmic solitude Time and space muted Her step deft and quick She always danced best alone In her own spotlight Quietly, she rose The moon is a harsh mistress It's hard to let go A fleeting moment Finding me lost in nature Eternal oneness Everytime you poop A frog breaches the water A piece of you gone Flailing arms, my wings Knocked from the top step, I soared Head first to the floor The snow has fallen My broken mind grows colder The depth of winter 'Nother day passing My passion's slowly dying A dull life tiring How can I let go? When all of my waking thoughts? Long for one more dream Decrying borders Only passed by a crossing This ghastly nation Salmon, sky, dark clouds In warmth, I watch the sunset This train wobbles south Hot wings are the best Spicy, so my lips swollen No ranch for me, please Are you all I need? I don't know how much you care If you care at all Reborn once a year A phoenix from Mush, not ash The snowman stands tall Chilling at my house Answer door, they run away Haunted, I was nude Seeds planted in spring Slumbering through the winter Sprinking in the spring All life lives scantly From this we must deviate Live upon the dash Time is a construct Created by man and my Receding hair line Your hero will fail Your star will shatter and fall I will laugh longest I may be forty But when snow begins to fall I feel five again Growing apart us We live together alone How long til this ends? Down under the dirt They crawl and fight to survive They will soon find life Thank you, Reddit friends Always afraid to be heard But here I feel safe She calls above me Ringing throughout this valley She sings of my home Bright, yellow sunlight Falls through the green canopy Of the great oak tree What scares me the most? Has brought me to my new home We all float down here Morning gusts through peaks The awakened dragon roars Please pardon my fart Love, are you and I? Can you see it, believe it? Live it for joy, peace My ex cut herself I did not tell anyone Now I blame myself Water emerges Forming to a perfect drop Moving till it leaves A sword cannot cut The vows we have made or the Memories we share Feeling nostalgic For a time that never was And never will be Things will never change If I sit around all night Eating hershey's bars? Quality content Give only a few upvotes Cats give too many Meeting on the field A Fox spiritcomes along Winter is coming I see words within Black strokes, dance around white space And so it is born Smog, clouds, rain, acid Plastic strangles the ocean Conveniency is God The top of your head Passes a tiny window I watch miles away Dady, fat man, jeans Your seams I've worn thin now, split My love has killed you My stomach it growls Outside it snows with the owls I will have a soup Been to Vermont once Yes, I had Ben and Jerry's I'd like to go back 'Everyone I work Waiting for my life to start Maybe tomorrow Services are we, friend? Do you hear the call answer? Serve with love and joy Rain pounds the mountain Two lovers dance in the mists Cold, but warm embrace While the sun is out Shadows on the church clock face Try to mislead me The song Bird sits still Ready for the leap forward Fear is always there Decision broken So effortlessly yielding It was expected Smell of clovers here Just another instrument Nature's Symphony This world is just noise Life has become alien Love is all that's clear As the light breaks through I understand happiness The dog wags its tail Deplored for battle Sabotaging hatred and Traversing flags in peace Whilst we lounge indoors Spring the sullen beauty queen Grows irritable Heavy eyes so wide Wishing to sleep for the night? Awaken by phone light Please listen to me Let me be clear of fake sins I'm misunderstood Why can't you listen? This could've been easier Now it is too late The leaves soaked you up Your night sky so far from mine Return to the dust My warmth touches you It's what you've been waiting for Satisfies your needs Yearning for closeness As I battle loneliness I need privacy When you disappeared I never thought addiction I am so sorry A caterpillar May become a butterfly Or an ugly moth Hanging by a string? I must surrender myself To the darker things Candy and coffee That's how I start my mornings Bachelorhood is great Green Valley below Blue sky, white clouds, yellow sun A single bird sings Hurried and awkward Whispering tongues not soon enough That was my first kiss Trying to progress The misery continues The job search goes on Here I lie crying 'Sale as per usual My tears are hidden Peering through closed blinds The trill of an unknown bird Delays my mourning Dreams aside, I live Like animals, I roam free Darkness evades me I like you like that All wrapped around my finger Manipulation Lost in Reverie Constables wheel above Moonlit, augury Clarke is wanheda Lexa leads Coalition All seek unity Careless moths she there? Their desire for her lit Not burning, she did Riding the white slopes Nudle, dick and glassy eyes Need to get some sleep Beyond the valley My promised future awaits Yet I venture not The way uncertain In the middle of this road I don't want to die Pause in winter Melts away as spring begins Ready for rebirth? Day like a water Quickly pouring through my palms And dust becomes dirt Fall asleep alone To dream depict, I wonder If I'll ever change I came to you soaked I was expecting nothing You were my towel I wish I cared less I wish that I could forget A spotless sunshine Distant times draw near Cloudy skies and under earth Mortality comes Love naught the matter You are undefeatable Loving just people Killing memories As it goes to sever ties The blade of hatred Sandy Beaches, Mold Washing away in the night Day brings a new light Time, space, human race I will manipulate it But first math homework A sweet epitaph A memory of what was I'll love you always It will get better How many years do I wait? Before this is true Rage rises slowly Retribution would be just Hush, hide emotion Emotions swirling So dizzy, no way to stop Joy comes from faith, hope What do you do when? A man that you really loved Says he's scared of you Over and over Mercy and swift and brutal An upset stomach Write your short story Rising tide of entropy How to noble drown? A wasted leaf clings Where warmer days once embraced Red squirrel stays home Lights finally out Cross yourself, slide down the wall Your hellion slumbers Hot, lifeless desert Looking for four leaf clovers Finding happiness All I see is light All I hear is shrieking wheels Then all is no more Why inspiration? I reserved us a table But you stood me up The sun has risen The heat is now oppressive We need fall weather Bill, the heart breaker Five point palm exploding heart Please don't walk away Knock, knock, trick or treat Oh, shit kids who expect sweets Happy Halloween Enough evening streets Strip mall, neon lights flicker Pathways to nowhere I'm subatomic Not a wave nor particle But I do exist First snow of the year Covering the road, the lines Almost disappear I wanted closeness I shared a piece of my heart They tore it apart Addictions scare me I want control of myself They take that from me Ships sail and ships sink But I can swim to the shore I've drowned long enough He gazed intensely At a small mote in her eye As she beamed at him Crows on powerlines And stray cats roaming alleys On the hunt for scraps A yellow school bus Took their solemn pictures and Framed them in the glass She held my face as She sang the part of the song That explained her heart Summer in full swing The sun's rays heat for new life Autumn waits ready Fruit falls from the tree Things once sunk no come afloat A surprise blessing Skyes paved in concrete While tail lights turn, the snow red Geese, take the fast lane A voyage at sea Waves crash onto the wood deck Salty air comforts Your bum is dirty I just want it to be clean Stop freaking out, please You were always there Was it love or just comfort? But love never fails Damp, cold penetrate Love warms, strengthens enlivens God,your love,thank you I love who you are Parsley, sage rosemary time You are my best friend Filth spews from your mouth Gift spreads from your soft touch My own reflection Summer photograph Friends at the Water Tower Years like yesterday Hey, guys, highjacking Started a new sub reddit We talk in Haikus Great again and free Easily forget slaves Make America Spatial awareness The mask hides the face I wear Anonymous bliss My writing annoys Can't be open minded free Follow my rules, you Male and female weld In a natural blue arc An offspring cries out Nothing can flourish From the tiny speck of dust In the eye of man The buzzing spring bee Waits for her queen to be free May Judith hear me My exercise bike Points towards the garbage bags I pedal to hell Just empathetic Love me'til I would want you Is that how it is? A girl stands alone Her heart leaps as thunder claps Thankful for the storm The warmth of sunshine In midwinter's barren grasp A feeling long gone Melancholy blues Nights of tears on pillow sheets Solemn Catharsis Rise and gently fall And rise again like breathing Five, seven and five She waits locked away Thoughts fleeting, nectar dripping He slips in the key Grieve, it's all the love You want to give, but could not It's really just love Sitting on the curb A horse, a flee, three blind mice Please shoot me no dice My back,you have it Slow to understand, am I? Today I give thanks The pieces of me Are lost and scattered in time Like rain drops long gone February sky Varied backyard jungle gym Nice amount of snow When gods roar thunders And the end of the world nears Will you distract me? Nothing can grow here The ground has widely opened I am swallowed whole Coronavirus Spend time at home with loved ones Why did it take this? I can see it now This image I have of you Or had to be clear Haikus are so cringe Limericks are the greatest Get owned liberals Fleeting winter moon Lights the way for an old man Driving home in snow Happy wagging tails As two dogs meet each other A smile on my face Inmormorise me So my name is on their lips Throughout space and time Passionfruit, sweet cream Enticing buoyant spring dream Lover's eyes, Agleam I don't mean to bitch But who the hell would downvote? My post from last night A time traveller Passed me by smiled and whispered There is only now Haikus make no sense They end in the strangest ways Velociraptor All I want to say Only has five syllables I'm in love with you Yellow Flower Dress The mall, high heels and a ring Your strawberry lips Care must be taken Risk always necessary Threading the needle Soon so very soon Prise moments of sharing Truth and love exchanged My dog's twitching nose Smells the folks I met today As I hang my coat Clouds lapping the sky And a star parasailing Under crescent moon Thoughts on death today Teach me love for tomorrow My time begins now Melted peach, ice cream Dripping it sticks to my skin Like blood on the earth It is my cake day Upvotes are on the left side Awards on the right The skyline spits sparks Heralds a high voltage dawn Electric sunrise I am made of stone Sculpted around faults and cracks Still, I do not break Lazy Buffalo Languishing in the puddle Keeps summer away Don't know who you are Know nothing about your life But have a nice day Cooling summer rain Leaves cup upward to the sky Spirit quenched from the clouds Turmeric tea p Etrichor listo por hoy Foggy Mountain Tops I think I can sing But only in the shower Is when I sound good? I wanted you now Instead, I wrote this haiku Roll up and smoke now Economy sucks No one can afford the rent Now we're all homeless You looked beyond me Your eyes are empty new moons Drums aren't this hollow? Rush to love and serve Each moment filled never done Thanks Lord for your grace Yo, you like my hair I put new product in it Then come at me, bro Read minds, women wish Men could do this little trick Space signs, hints finished V for vendetta Also nineteen eighty four Were they not fiction? The price just went up Buy it before it's too high Aaand it's plummeting Can't call me asshole Like you think I'll give a shit? I'll scoff and chuckle A walk on trash day Recycle bins overflow Amazon boxes Care met with hatred Nothing more ineffective Better to just sleep One million flashlights Shine down from the winter sky While the campers sleep Sun shining brightly I want to go play outside I am stuck at work My heart is breaking I hope the stress melts away At least for this week I'm a little stoned Peanut butter, yes, please I'm Suddenly tired Haiku, it is you That I have been searching for And now we are one Along the canal A mother snaps a swan's neck Her son's pale face blanks A deer trotting on The quiet hunter watches Another life gone Keep hitting refresh It won't be down very long Try to be patient Another cake day Read many good posts this year (Near exhalation) Mud grazes the trees Autum leaves crushed beneath me The path become clear Under the street lamp Beauty lit a cigarette Disgusting habit Such flawless beauty A beethoven symphony She's a perfect ten After the sun sets My eyes adjust and I start To plan tomorrow Noble animal The Samurai falls from it The horse waits for him First sip of coffee Awakens your sleepy soul To face the real world Stand in the river And deliver the fool's gold Just do what you're told A mythical pond Enclosured with pills and needles Loved my reflection A single tear drop Might not seem like much to you But I'm not OK It's best not to dwell Pain lies in rumination And time heals all wounds A southern winter The freezing cow awaits spring Just to be slaughtered Wah, up what to do? Same thing we do everyday I miss working shows Rise high enough and The stars will cease to twinkle As it is in life Fuckin'with the groove On my Sunday afternoon These dog barking blues I married Swollen Filled with my very first love Brown haired, green eyed boy Behind the closed doors A most unspeakable crime The animals cry Those glimmering eyes Want me to be a sinner? I'll sin not with you Winter is coming Make fun times and memories With reddit, of course Hard times, lie ahead Hopes and dreams crumble to dust Leaving deep despair Traveling abroad? Different places and foods I can't wait to go Your life in the void Written as it's told by Pi So many questions? Even when I smile My true face behind this mask The one thing you see A realm of wonder So much beauty to behold A whole life ahead Tray's edge unsheathed Slowly, logic starts to fade I'll just have one more Anxiety grips Racing heart into danger Reality bends As the sunlight fades Comforting darkness flows in With the scent of rain Noticeably numb Vibrational colours now seem dull Here we go again You take my order But what about you today? I'll have what you got Pasure is virtue Earness, not so much though Believe me, I tried A dance or a trance Suspension: Tiny dust specs Projectors are cool Help for I am high I eat my cereal wet Or I eat it dry I am so damn bored Talking over and over When will you shut up? My words crest and fall Like waves upon the shoreline In truth they're whale farts Choose words carefully Journal quips, said in sorrow May open new wounds Staring at the clock Waiting for the workday's end What a waste of life I don't know the rules The Haiku is the title I guess I'm sorry A wizard, Fortold I will meet my one great love Maybe it was him Two flags, one nation What an abomination? Need a salvation On that day, you said Never fall in love with you You told me too late Day two of Haiku A simple stress reliever Get my brain going Greetings to you all This seems to be a great place I found a new home A safe without key So too many memories For security Then head over heels Conclusion: No concussion Though two fucked up feet Chalk on the blackboard Eyes focussed only on her Serendipity A world framed in glass Robbing senses of their worth Giving sadness breath I am a retard At least I am not alone We all bought Gamestop Her blue bucket hat Keeps her cool in winter sun Far too cool for me Pithy words abound How could this happen to us? You reap what you sow A brief encounter Like a warm midsummer night On a November Rhydon used earthquake It was super effective Pikachu fainted If you put the whole Cookie in your mouth at once You make fat, less crumbs A slide thick with leaves Children locked safely inside Jumping from the couch? Love lasts in patients Let dark scars and placid play Come home to me soon The virus riots Deaths of legends and fires This year's been decades Autumn chill morning I have to wake up early Just to smell fresh air Constant temptation Only with grace, I resist God perfecting me Rain freezing quickly Branch's overburdened break Scalling to the ground If you love someone Set them free, they may return Like a moth to flame Winning my future But instead of committing I worship the haze I cut down the wood I got splinters on my hands This house is a home The stinging is fine We must make friends with the pain And fight through today With the setting sun I too fall into slumber Stressful, restless sleep Tie string to my head Keep me from drifting away Fow clouds lift my mind I just had it here But it decided to leave Where is my damn pen? The lack of sleep peels Layers of your mind away Raw subconscious thoughts Eyes open slowly A vague form lays beside me Where now are my pants? Here is a good one Longer than it ought to be Monosyllabic Bloody afternoons Pass like trees on the highway Nights like the mountains We are each unique But not just anyone can Make us feel special Many paths ahead Yet my feet take me nowhere Always uncertain Dogs should get married Canines in matrimony Not just puppy love Display true honor Place your sword upon the leaves Feed your family An early morning Stormwater, lashing city Who wanted more sleep? People tap their feet The line grows even longer Gonna my wallet Love is a calm sea Unmoved by the rushing wind Thoughts become silence The stereos blare Wailing auditory waste Potrop's terrible At the Grand Canyon 'Truly a sight to behold It goes on for miles A strange toad licked me I licked the strange toad right back And now I see things Plunging the toilet Doing cpr on it So now it can flush I wish you were here I want to make you happy But I don't know how Problems block my path But like yesterday, I say Maybe tomorrow I know it's a trick I'll play along morning sun I know you will leave Maskless in the store Just raw doggin, oxygen I feel like a slut Synthetic Kinship Relievably priced pleasure Not quite ecstasy Standing back to back Guarding against the wild world What lurks between us? Up anchor, set sail Bow to forces underway Stern words for all men Yes, I work from home No, I don't shower daily Disgusting you, bet Hey, we all make trash But know only some of us Do recycle it Red covered bridges Water rushing underneath Carrying the leaves? I am stressed and sad Why does nothing go my way? I messed up again So young yet so lost Her eye's fire once burned bright Now gone in the cold This day, your way, Lord Grace empowers thoughts, words, deeds Overfilled with joy Alexa's all ears Not just when you speak to her Class Action lawsuit Golden rays of sun A lovely weaving of light Cascading about? Challenged yourself Determined to go forward One step at a time The journey begins A grand quest to mow a lawn One man and his bike Sunny winter morn [Muses away] Yesterday's fun Someone lost a glove Harrious words burst forth pain Flashing from my heart, they were A lesson for me Monday morning, Blues Another bus passes by Late to work again Divorce is the price Half pay, so we all can dare To believe in love Cyclone from nowhere With a terrifying name Bombogenesis Heated deep within In stillness, dark lady weeps She once had a soul Volcanic temptress Blowing kisses of dark ash Beckon, me closer Give thanks for today For you can eat all you want And not feel guilty In between spaces An awareness of silence Listen in presence No eggs nor his hat Read across America Has cancelled the cat The eyes of a cat Be it love or agression Always look the same Company for Mars Shades of red fill the night sky Blood moon on the rise Suck, start a shotgun Much thicker than a milkshake A forbidden treat A few thousand bees Vomited drops of nectar For your banana Smoking cigarettes? Addictioning and destructive Like you were to me I love you like words Want to be spoken yet still? Long to be whispered Three cold, hard boulders Scuffed by wind and rain and sand Protect a tortoise Watch the Earth decline At the point of no return Gaze new beginnings Roses from a seed Peapers flowing in the wind Beauty of flowers I wish I could live In the glimpses of myself I saw in your eyes Day by day, you love My Lord, step by step, you lead How awesome you are I age in mirrors Remembers and fears stir my soul [ clocks] Never rewind Drifting morning fog Rivulets gather and wash Over broken trees Said you needed space 'Cause you hated the distance Now we're just distant Democracy is Rarely practiced in lifeboats Real or imagined This ain't a haiku Though it follows the format That happened by chance To consume the earth Seemed impossible until I unhinged my jaw Hitting the plain truth You control the narrative Making sins vanish Always love for us The gifts and graces we need Each stroke perfects us What does not kill you? Will still haunt you afterwards But they will soon fade Vaguely familiar Another boring birthday Not much you can do Why has it taken? So long to do in a word Procrastination Uh, oh, trouble now Haiku police will show how Writing should be wow Rainy Saturday Coffee break to ease the hurt Fraternal solitude I have often thought Of friends who drifted away Now I fight the breeze I wish I had friends Then I would not write Haikus In my room alone She, the huntress, strikes In a flash, her prey is won Ninja in darkness How long shall I wait? As the time stands still for me Seasons come and go Recently bought plants Green serenity at last Can't wait to kill you My eyelids, a dam Ready to flood the cities I cannot hold it Moonrise claims the sky A rebirth seizing the day Overflowing light The ground is thawing I hear the birds singing songs Come alive, it's time Woof woof heard the man? Had it not came from a babe? He may have heard Wolf The blades keep turning Staring up while the clock ticks Cage made of drywall So sure of yourself If you act without hindsight Guilt will consume you Hands grasping their neck Scooping until there's no air I did this for you The morning sunshine With you gently by my side Red streaks in the air Tonight, no TV Perhaps I'll be a poet It could set me free The X marks the spot No guide, no topography Bad cartography Divorce the big D How did we lose each other? We really screwed up Insipid scuttles Over floors of empty lots These leaves are zombies The summertime breeze Resurfaces memories That I never had After me made love We laid together in bliss Under peaceful snow Pasure is the key They say, but God I'm waiting Been here for ages A calm mind, shatters A voice rumbles in my brain Mouths move in silence I am full of fear I start things I can give up Not things that matter Pour in the city The smell of heated asphalt Between the raindrops My anus quivers Faggoted virginity Taken by niggers Rightful and yet wrong Proud and yet miserable It all goes away Saffron rose petals Twice on journal pages Blue ink afternoon It's been a long time Since I posted a haiku Maybe tomorrow The archer takes aim A blue eye through thin crosshairs Fruit succumbs to steel The damaged car and Attempts to resuscitate Both were towed for parts My favourite chore During frosty weather is Feeting chickadees She saw my first breath But now I have seen her last I miss great grandma Minds playing cursive Spiral down like a staircase But to what extreme? Humbles before me So many stop now, never Grace is all I need Adrift in wonders As life passes before me Hath, I enjoyed it Come holy spirit Perfect for us is your grace Love, never ending Steamy, dark liquid Lucidity in the fog Morning is for us Dusty afternoon Coffee, rice and toasted bread I miss you, Nana No color, the same But under the moon and stars We all wear midnight Do not stand or sit The rope creeks as it tightens Slippers hit the floor I want to go home The only place I feel safe The warmth of his arms Nobuyuki plays The gods stop to watch and cry The blind pianist If you want to speak With special authority Show special talent Goddam creaky doors How many of you are there? In this effing house Awaken is the world In bed, we stay locked, embrace Dreamers endlessly A loss of control Oversightly sensation Nothing but regret Twirling yellow leaves The crisp air bellows through trees Orange mosaic The past is haunting Help release me from this curse Then love can blossom I imagine us As sea otters holding hands To not drift apart Why did I sell out? Giving my gifts to strangers It should have been you Love, shared glory Love bonds even in darkness Love is all we need Cold anvil of grief My aching arms carry you While my love runs free I could nudge you now But then you might awaken Keep snoring my love A kiss for your brow My lips brush so close to yours Good morning, my love A sweet, salty treat But man makes me so thirsty No water, so blood I like things meta And I also like Haikus Guess I'll merge the two You need to tell me Even though I know it all And I know you do Time is like water But so is everything else Could drown you some day Holidays alone If only I could be numb I do not exist This day is unwell Terrifying sensation The sweats and fever The sun shines above My son's rolling in the grass I seek the cool shade Planning my escape? To where the grass is greener One step at a time A catty remark Sniped across the heart, leaving A razor sharp sting Legend of Zelda Link's awakening is just The absolute best He hid like she did A mirror to her facade It was unpleasant Caught in a corner The paper tablecloth whirls Practiceing its dance Seven deadly sins Could it really hurt that much? To commit just one If the sun should set On all we have ever been I had the best day A beautiful soul Comes from the most damaged heart By Newton's third law The ball is missing The kids no longer will play Roofcomplains the dog A ruby sunset Another day fades to dark Dawn will come in time All are resting now Retching cuts the night again No sleep, poor baby [Messages lightning] Pails of tears spill eyes glisten [whispers] Fake Arrows Most beautiful rose Stem decorated in thorns For you, I'd strip bare Past me is a dick He ruined my present life Man, just screw that guy Trees break for winter Tender heart aches for your love Old branches, splinter She said I like you But the answer was silence Big, empty silence Fingers flick and fly Others care, but I do not Nothing matters bliss We've become distant Sharing something may fix this Perhaps morning would This girl is thirsty And it is starting to show It's not a good look Your musky juices Running down my chin and then? Dripping on my chest Child, we never met For a time you were there,Joy Now embraced by God I have a problem I just want to write Haikus About the mothman? Howling North Winds blow? Those last obstinate oak leaves Nature's spring cleaning Trees growing so tall Flowers beginning to bloom Green with spring anew Update is ready Please restart now to install Your update has failed Oh, yes, Obama You are the best president Obama sex, yes The high is fading Prepare time for the come down Fuck, that felt so good From the unformed void Yun and Yang exfolidate Pulsing dance of life Pain to start the day Lord, I need strength and healing Let's start with a hug A star's light shines bright In blinding intensity Truth is lost in dark With a tired sigh Burnt out by endlessnesses I but toss and turn Do not be surprised When one acts in character They have shown before Silver and heart shaped Two faces behind clean glass A locket of old Sometimes I just need A way to express my thoughts Without much effort Many suppressed thoughts No longer can they be shared? Eternal regret It's true we all lie When I'm honest with myself I can never tell Boaling grey work life Some of the events are cool Same music each day Unworthy, am I? How you love me perfectly? Ever loving you? Sensibility of dj vu As if this happened before And might yet again Perception holds weight Perhaps a bit too heavy Internal turmoil I don't mind living It's all gonna be fleeting Might as well dig in Drinking black coffee? Sweet bliss on my pinkish lips Ah, the little things Near the toppled chair A basket of fresh cherries Never chew on pits Smoking the best green I have never been so high Relaxing on couch This rope will be nice The refined dime winter ice I hope I can die Leaves are falling down [whispers of a frozen age] Winter is coming I bow to my heart Who waited so patiently? For me to arrive Angler of my heart I don't mind suffocating Hanging on your line Tears falling on stone A widow weeps bitterly Love lost forever The day spent dreaming My progress remains stagnant Get to work, dumbass Creating deceit These people thrive in the dark With flying monkeys Command me my queen Body, you simple vessel Waiting yours to fill When will you learn when? Will you learn that your actions? Have consequences The word of silence Unspoken yet, bellowing [whispers] Quell its voice With closed eyes inhale Young again in nighttime air Yet, exhale, we must Reechoes of the past I will not pull this trigger Time to be silent Streep autumn breeze blows Through the trees, knocking off leaves For me to play in Beware, Mastery Nothing known is ever known Truth's a visitor You have been the strength Sit with me and rest a while You are protected Cricket's in the dark Sing among themselves all night A sweet harmony Medium of thoughts Language bridges mine to yours Arrangement First, sweet fruit of spring Sweet red berries, seeds outside Taste nothing like straw I see you often There with me there when I sleep It was just a dream Herds of the undead Doing their gray decayed flesh Wanting my fresh brain? Soda, pop for one Worry your thoughts with my wisdom Air bubbles top sides Your will be done, Lord Faith, hope placed only in you I choose you always A little spider Moves back and forth on its web Playing with the light You should have some fries I like to consume with dips Normally, ketchup I held leaves and grass Soft, humid and freshly cut Does it feel like life? Phantastic Conceptualisation Creativity Sweet birdsong sunshine Steam rises from cup of tea Here I sit at peace Droplets of water Do not know the sea exist Ignorance is bliss To you, you roamer Be happier there instead Live in that sweet bliss Dust on the old road The scent of fallen apples Autumn leaves me too Lakes evaporate Remember, rain houses shrink Where do the fish go? An observation The things I try to avoid They are the real tests Sleeping gossamer? Corner of my eye, it haunts You're gone but still here Sleep or not to sleep Romeo just had to ask Sleep is for the weak More than flesh and bone An entity of passion Yet all too human An unused blade rusts Resistent practice, passion Maintains its sharpness The bow cuts through froth An angry blade breaking waves A humpback follows Camping for the night A sleeping bag leaf with A Spider sewn inside Sitting on a bench I share my heart with the ducks Quack, quack, quack, thanks ducks Hope for President But instead we keep the queen Such dark time ahead The teenager says You do not understand me They are ridiculed He pulls at my strings This shadowy puppeteer Forever pulling Warm body, cold mind That travels through space and time Vehicle driver Behold this prophecy We're all destined for greatness Learn to know thyself 'A pig or a dog' My thought on first seeing you Now your snores mean home It strikes me as odd Knowing I'm part of nature Watching the leaves change Love in your eyes, friend There we touched, embraced and loved Closed now,remembrance Bossy barrels and Supervising signals are Managing the drive I know you're wicked But each drag's a sweet reprieve I'll quit tomorrow A haiku writer Grad student who runs for fun Loves to read good books Sonshine filled my day Your joy, love and gifts for me All I ever need A short summer's storm Wintry rain falls on my face I do not feel it Take my ship tonight Heart on an expedition Battered on the rocks No, Waluigi We wanted Waluigi Damn it, Nintino Simmering sunset Slowly seasons, salty seas Sandy Shores sing songs Drunk eyes looked back To a magical moment Devoid of regrets Biggest ball of fur Energy like no other Gimme, a hug, mate Your sorrow and grief Has overtaken your heart? But I'll stand with you Seeds need help to grow Feer can be driven away All it takes is time Stop falling in love It is not good for the soul Lonelysing is God Everyone is wrong I am the only sane man Which means I am not Be kind to my heart It's been wounded in battle Far too many times I am better now Still have lots of big problems I'm bigger than them Splashing words from Murk reveals your self expression Missuse of language Beat your worn war drum Merit up the courage to Continue ahead Constant sand falling Leisurely burying me Can't seem to climb out No funeral, please Pretend like I was never Even here at all How painful it is? To have loved and to not have Lost it all just some Life is meaningless But so is the rest, I guess We might as well live I'll take any love The couch you lay on at night Wanted but just used An old woman sings A lullaby in the spring Alas thunder growls In the hospital I wish you knew who I am I love you, Mommy They say love yourself You deserve a love that heals Self love is hard work Those empty spaces By your absence long ago We're filled, life goes on Melancholia Restless agony plagues me Comfort eludes me Don't be too afraid To speak with superiors Don't give them power At the rider's roost Where Connie cannot be found? Fancy sheds for sleep Deep in the attic Baby dolls go there to die [whispering] Mama We laugh holding hands As the ocean runs away On the train ride home Shiny frozen lake Life suspended under ice Will return in spring Slow dancing shadows [whispering] In the moonlight Serenity's veil The new flowers bud Spring smiles fondly on new growth Summer days nearby [shakespeare] has no words For our affection bloomed Through cold winter days Here I am screaming The forest quivers and wakes Downed the birds fly by Rain, clouds, but no rain Promises of affection Dry grass underfoot Paper pen and hand Come together to save me This my religion Dubious tumblr girl I like your septum piercing And your lack of thoughts Try meditation Maybe some vitamin D Add to cart, buy now Enough litter box [Mocks] My waiting open heart Need some cat poop now? I just write Haikus As I lack the energy For anything else? 'Alse i sit here Just twiddling aimlessly With no end in sight A dank earthen breeze Speaks of buried rusted rot Long since forgotten Turn back says the world Love yourself is the message I choose to love you Past thoughts and musings Now overcome by events Erased forever Nowadays we're dams We're all gonna burst at once Try turn on a tap The oak leaves I haunt Listen to me whispering A long gone dead chant A violin sound A white blanket of snow falls A worm cozy shed Little droplets fell Wired away by the next drop All impermanent Beautiful creature Quietly stands in the dark Waiting for its prey I suck at Haikus Do you have any advice? Thank you in advance Her prerogative Changed a lacey dress into Pinging beads of ice Lincoln got shot dead Old Washington never lied Who were the others? I did fall in love Expecting her to catch me But I hit the ground Be humble in life Look up to the sky and see See how small you are A bend in the road The tombstones of lumbered trees Litch the hillside Caranda's bloom Can you see from your window? Itchy ears miss you Lambs watch in silence The dead cannot scream for us India's burning Life is a journey Through the wilderness to get To the other side Poetry is what? If the word order matters Forget about it Sometimes stomach cramps Mean only one thing to me Distribe, pain Like a waterfall 'Cause infinite ripples And rainbow colors Came into this world Out of Mother's Vagina And never looked back Iconic spring wind gusts Mirrors, emptiness inside Trouts and limbs shiver An ode to the spleen Dutifully filtering Lymphocytes are made It's scary in here I don't like any of this What are these monsters? Ease all Buddhas Resist the artificial Dissolve your ego Ablaze like the sun Hidden by the shadow moon Raidiant, but dark A dream about you Flashing by like lightening Leaves me emptier What I failed to do Haunts me, drags me downdarkness Love brightens my day Now that my minds blank Probably the perfect time For this old bullshit Fingers run through hair She enjoys when I do that Go deeper, baby Fall day's warmth recedes Your presence warms my soul, Lord You knock enter, please His body withstood Dropping degrees while smiling With his charcoal teeth Bag of happiness Sunshine on a cloudy day Temptanally Conversation,love Hearts and minds connectedjoy A taste of heaven Houses in a row Wind Chimes singing out of tune Quiet little street Drops held by a branch They cling, but fall on my head The trees are crying First, ripe fruit of spring Sweet red berries, seeds outside Taste nothing like straw Beyond Antares The skies are green and glowing My heart is waiting Ass is in the air I have no choice but to stare Because it's right there The devil is real He lives in the narcissist Run towards the light Your help at each turn Always just what I need, Lord Oh, how I love you New tech, good impact Central air forced air heating Who is my neighbor? I wanted to stay Love service called me away Perhaps tomorrow This is my first post Am I doing this thing right? I really hope so She shit on my dick I told her no taco bell I need a shower A little black bird Frozen under dirty snow Mom forgot my name Now, may be okay Could you imagine the fun? Living in the past Laying here with you You have a type of silence That makes me feel safe Must resist the urge To write another haiku Here I go again Been here for ages The beauty of cold showers They never run out Two months on the hunt No results soon, I could starve God, please hire me When I read Haikus I will read it with a tune From news in Haikus Hot and restless nights A warm breeze through the window Misery lives here Over or along You cannot avoid the tracks Choose your direction A great flash of light Everything we knew is gone The Gamma Ray bursts If you get to where? You can't take it anymore Then it's time to give Neonlight above Eating noodles in the rain Steam flowing upwards Awesome, is your love? Always present for us all Tears for you, my love Darkness in my soul The want of light in my mind Fighting the shadows Scurry in the road Shiny eyes in a trashcan I have found a friend Ah, the deadly blues They enter my life as you Exit it for him Two dimming lanterns The river flows more slowly One last gust of wind A blue outgrowth grows Out of the blue sky above A shrubland of glass Key details, whisper Still, minds can hear beating hearts Listen more, talk less The goal of each line Remember nature and mind Haiku therapy You know when she's born? The first heart your daughter breaks Will, of course, be yours Eagles spread their wings Soaring past the horizon Until the sun sets I just remembered Something I said years ago Now I hate myself Right now I am drunk Drinking with friends brings me joy Shame I am alone Everything is closed It's illegal to go out Oh, no, I feel sick Sweats in summer nights Lights out to keep them away The Flying termites Solitary thoughts Dreams of a life in tatters A life's quiet end Considering Rap Try keeping an open mind Haikus can be trap Heaven opens up Rivers bloat and burst their banks The village consumed I don't like Reddit It has weird, weird people there Who like bread on trees? Gonesome Horizon Sun emerges from the trees Elating the birds Sometimes I drift off Thinking of your smiling face? That's my happy place First sip of coffee Awakens your dreamy eyes To face the real world Silence in the night Lightning, thunder in the mind She makes it quiet YouTube video Glasses boy with violin Won't you notice me? Breath in the fresh air Crisp and cool spring is now here Bright, rosy red cheeks Brave cyber bullies Keystrokes of yellow behind Autonomous screens I feel so enraged I can't draw the way I want Thanks, Microsoft Paint Longing for her touch Stricting a picture of them Taken years ago We were like brothers I was to always be there Though I have failed you Ugh, I'm so tired Just enough strength for Reddit Au revoir bedtime May grass grow plenty On the path, you might tread least So I know you're home I am very sad Saved you the exotic text Thanks for listening She wants him to change He wants her the way she was Their love fades away My husband says that I'm the coolest hottie with The hottest coolie Words like water drip Pure raindrops in a vessel Splashing syllables Dawn draws nearer on You must bear the bright armor Awaken from sleep Venting through and through Sabotages and murders I'm the imposter Truthful to the Lord Underpass dreams unspoken I want a frosty Fast, all out cleanup If it ever comes to it The end to all war Back where I started As if I never got there No time, just amber Numerous faces Marijuana fills the air My guitar is flat Toyota, yaris A small economy car Why am I obsessed? The water like glass I look into the mirror Age stares back at me The seasons will change Fall, spring, summer and winter A breath of fresh air Eternal music Blowing through the dark forest Never to be heard Broken and on your own WASHING on Saturday night Life as a student The room is all black Insomnia crashes in The loudest darkness I was the asshole Who told you what I wanted? But we both don't know Ever nomadic? Bonds made and broken often I begin again Chemical numbness Kidneys expel happiness Moreing the sunrise Marcello, my friend Golden God in black and white Yes, Mastriani You deserve better I do not deserve your love For I loathe myself At last some free time Lord of the Rings Marathon Fat, kiefy bowl packs While others count sheep I exhausted, but sleepless Count the syllables Loveless and alone Perverts raise the sea level All full of white foam A bright new day dawns The coasts of Japan sparkle She makes her own path Fear of rejection Relief in your acceptance My secret is told Cruel afflictions Pain that won't leave when you go Glad you are gone, tho I like Tequila This should be on the drunk sub Because I am drunk Swim upstream, cold flow Faster strokes for moving on Give it all dye red Factors remain unchanged When called by another name? A cage is a cage Create new freedoms Only in America Targets of new law Little monsters come Mounds of candy, piling high [Laughter] In the night Amalgamation A mix of man and metal Move mound and mountain Today you told me That you and I are the same We share the same soul The wind and the rain Grey clouds that slowly pass by Enjoying some tea Beginner white belt The path is never ending Beginner black belt Thoughts you send to God? Have never left your ape skull It's time to grow up Where are my stories? Grudging through a life, not mine Life, why can't you start? My toes and fingers Cold as midnight, betrayal Unfurl in summer Stepped on a golf ball Just now fuck me Jesus Christ Thank God I don't bowl What shall this child be? Once was asked of you and me Love is the answer The most silent nights Adrift and frozen in sleep Slumbering beauty Morning rays, warm skin I am the golden sunlight But also the blue Marmorized clouds above Frosty Earth and fresh cool air Breathing in and out Dew on, gossamer Silver in the moonlit night Waiting silent still Neither said a word Sat picking morning, glories Down by the courthouse Roots that spine the curb Streetsides turn back to nature Dehumanizing Hot steam fogs the glass Dancing leaves, move up and down Clear water now dark Transfer of matter Something dies as we grow old Replaced by something Waste politics Just delete and make it clean My haiku pristine A personal goal Do no harm, but take no shit And this is the way I hit rock bottom Wind whispers through the river Your kayaking sucks Speaking quietly Sometimes wiping away tears Old men talk of war A good night of sleep Will heal many of my wounds The gift of shut eye Snow the mountain's crown Cloak of dusk about her feet Incensed with wood smoke The House of Horrors Where a deathly demon dwells? Born without her horns A cold wind this day Breath of God warmed body soul Life is worth living Haiku to show you The most relevant lines first We have sorted this Glistening, starlight In a field alone with you You fill it with love If there is only One love lost among billions Then we are all doomed Approach a brick wall Confirmed you can scale it What if you cannot? Through the spilled ink and Overused words I try to Make sense of my thoughts What is a haiku? A smile for me one for you It is happiness Bang muzzle flashes An accidental discharge Tale of conception Know who rules the world? Probably not who you think Illuminati Dear little flower Lift your head now, open up It's time to blossom What if I was done? With lists, rides, graces and meals And it disappeared Out of the blue, you Got in touch to say hello But left soon after Dripping endlessly I count each drop ignoring The pool beneath me The last airbender Thanks for this blessing, Netflix Helps out quarantine I lay on my bed Hopping to dream peacefully But I'm so awake Earlier sunsets Summer draws out it's last breath Autumn's scowl daunts me Just had some starbucks Imminent diarrhea God, what have I done? Autumn Standard Time Gives me momentary blues Dark sky comes too fast On a day like this Lost you in a deep abyss Fuck days like today Listen to me, please And when you are done talking Hear me then again Trees freezing, lose leaves But in springtime they renew Maybe I can, too Morning birds chirping I sit in my gilded cage A pandemic life Sometimes when you lose Everything you come to gain More than what you had How am I today? Sunny day with my raincoat Ya know, just in case Now that we've had sex And you are softly snoring I can browse reddit Stimulations and truth Speak only if they listen You are worth yourself I need some insight Inspiration for my work Send suggestions, please Worrying false gods Dangerous idolatry Be very careful Sitting in the rain She never felt so alone Watching him drive off It's raining outside I check the weather on my iPhone X smartphone All are shades of grey The sun chooses not to shine We cast no shadows Stop buying tp You do not need what you bought I work at Publix Tonight I will write A haiku for you, my love Stars shine for us all Advice for those in A difficult position First be flexible Sunshine through windows Lovers radiate on screens Brisk separation Blast Paranoia! Particles stop fellowship Death puppets, weak steps What is a shower? A hot chemical cocktail For you to get clean The gamer ponders Is it summer already? Onwards to his fall Steering past the signs blurred lines and blind spots can wait Time split like lightning Hot gust envelops Dry leaves, natural tinder Billows of smoke rise Hometown funeral Driving home a railroad wreck? Something in common Borodom strikes, time lost Freedom comes with love service Hope and joy with you Beat it, just beat it Red leather zipper jacket What was with the glove? The sun glows brightly Filling vacant space between Winter's dead branches I am a robot A soulless automaton Forever alone A secret garden Wind whispers serenity My soul is peaceful Unquestionably Never doubt my heart on this Yes, black lives matter First, melt the sugar Then add the butter and cream Oh, sweet caramel [ thick layers] thin lines Human and tree spirit maps Death reveals the past The people you hate Are the enemies of those? Who taught you to hate? Rain was coming down Happiness and joy no more Then you come along A spider runs by Another innocent soul My foot comes down hard A rising tide swells A wave that sweeps all under The perfect punchline The snow fills the gap Between pines and the warm sun You are the cold snow The night's upon us But while you sleep, I must work Always with my thoughts Favourite warm waves When you are near, I can't speak Will you hurt me too? Aversed all hope Life seems like a blur right now Might be from the tears A whispering wind Sheltered from the savage storm My heart stays with you Cat is sick again What fresh new disease awaits? He is immortal Unforgiving streets Precinct your gentle embrace A break in the clouds A spark on Snapchat Will it exist in person? I hope we find out I write them all here Because I lack the courage In that other life Cinco de Mayo My brain explodes in my head Why did I drink that? Little frog in grass I hide too from taxes, but The mower still comes Gentle rain falling Upon my protective roof Sleep comes easily She held my face and She sang the part of the song That explained her heart Your heart I reach for Only you can let me in Please let down your walls In the looking glass Seasons appear as one form None are, as they seem May drinking and smoke Bury my heart, six feet deep Let time fill the hole The brave little frog Spiked quickly across the road Hop hop hop hop, squish Blue mottled with black [ thick clouds] Clot above concrete Right eye swollen shut All aboard the train A message from the driver My life is off track Your kids are at risk Trust fund baby Donald Trump Liar, coward, Prick I would die for you And the beautiful thing is You would never ask I am alive as A miracle of nature As is everything Broken umbrella Sprews from a metal trash bin [Whispering] Azaleas Hallucinogens Sexual accessories Saturday night, love Mouths open to speak And ears ready to listen The school year begins A whisper of me My shadow forever gone Memories all fade Your reality The moment your eyes opened Is the universe? Something very deep This haiku is meaningless Stop being edgy Ain't got nuthin fresh I rely on fart jokes now The duck ran that way It is so empty The sky has nothing special Yet so beautiful Are you exhausted? No, everything is alright He was not alright Monochromy blends Days like seconds slip away Never slowing down Stardust for breakfast Spicy galaxies at night Dancing in the light To know tragedy And the strongest joy is to Obsess over love I loved you in the Old world, and I will love you In the new world blink I tried on my mask My mom made it by herself Once curtain fabric Albums of Old Love Pictures of babies and trips Where is my scrapbook? Barcen blue skies, woe What's it like to be alive? The shy dim stars woe The hamper is full Washing from dryer is warm Are these all my socks? The harvest moon shines Let's go plant some tomatoes And find me a wife I remember you Face widened by summer joy Something in my eye A silent, dark night Dew drops rest on leaves waiting For a trip to Sky Karma is a bitch But only if I insist On provoking her Words cheap in value Deed's accomplishments treasured Do more than say more The leaking tap fills A droplet to let go of Another tear falls You claim to love Christ But forgot to ask yourself If he would approve Headphones on my ears To silence all the voices Thank God for music Terrence oh terrence You and catastrophism Could just be the key History may rhyme Some of the verses are known Only after death A supernova Brings the dark night sky to life Dead a thousand years Desolate city Overgrown trees that waver Just an enigma Brief meditation Deep breaths and judgeless thoughts flow I am here and now Forgive me, my friend I cannot help you today I must help myself Listen to the rain Hear the stories of the world Often left untold Just simple darkness Water drips off my body Missing myself Routine continues Weeks on and day after day Give me something new Rain, clouds and sunshine Arcs of colour through the sky She's my pot of gold An alarm ringing A child given an award My dreams have been lost Vultures so hungry It is the circle of life What makes your flesh great? Caught in the moment Pulled under by grief and loss Swift, the river runs We are sojourners Spirit Oppy, curio Let us persevere Again on this sub Observing on relationships Happier this time Crystals frost the air A crescent moon casts shadows icicles shimmer Fuck this subreddit The moderator can suck A big, juicy schlong This pulse between us Electric and alluring We must never touch Here to help you write PM me your haiku, please I'll check it for free I wrote a sentence Split with two forward slashes And called it Haiku I have a Twitter Devoted to Haiku I hope you read it Oh, my, you and I Before now, tomorrow'love Never will we end? Meaningless haiku Layered sparsely with meaning Means nothing at all My dog licks my arm During tonight's thunderstorm With her eyes closed shut Stand up for yourself You're your greatest advocate Fighting warrior Attention drifting I tell myself to focus Don't like statistics In the shadows dark The joker is listening Take care how you speak Yo no, entiendo Learnt that for my Cuban trip Then got overcharged Imagine my shock The blood all left my body Where could it have gone? A torrent of thought Spikes the banks of consciousness Washing life away Why is no one here? In a room full of people Someone listen up Restless eyes open Dark light fills the void with ease Dreams are not promised Blinding white moonlight The red figure stands proudly While the eyes still gaze Now I will be blunt Optimism's struggle cold All of it pointless Your words for me read Absent are your emotions Dreaming of presence Deading games outside Conversations over drinks Summer fun again Cool breeze in the night [whispers] drown out the ringing Restless without them You were invited Why did you leave so quickly? Loved you always You were nice to me When I had no faith in me I want to say thanks Music and daydreams So profound, I drown they end I am here again Tragedy, heartbreak Something we all encounter You will push through this Haikus in this sub Are a fun way to help me? Forget about you Place here, nature words Now for some descriptive words I wrote a haiku Dry rocks and boulders Bake under pitiless sun Where is the river? What does it mean when? I want nobody else but It hurts to be here Yesterday's Haiku Means nothing whatsoever No bridge, no water Whichever I pick Indica or Sativa Which star to shoot for? Darkened afternoon Warmer days, a memory Snow fluttering by To see it again Makes me warm, happy inside That sweet smile of yours YouTube video Glasses with his violin Will you love me too? This drunken evening I used you as a toilet Just a little joke Beauty in struggle The emotions of my past Listen to music I died in my sleep Somebody needs to tell me How I wake back up? Gang mentalities Explain their brutality 'To serve and protect' The virus rages A month later, and I still Can't catch my breath A cold winter's night Drifts by in the inky swirl There shines 'Silver Pearl' The United States Land of depressed, broken, scared After all, it's home Someone once told me Becoming the rose that grows in Between the concrete Wine tastes different If you take a sip alone Or among good friends? My dreams are full now Your color, your temperature Pressed behind my eyes Each dandelion We made wishes together I wished yours came true We are like microbes Zits and blackheads and pock marks On earth's graceful skin I want to die now Put a bullet in my skull Will I regret this? Link by link by link The Internet grows bigger Now it spans the globe Miles separate us Yet we're inseparable I know it will last Confession of love When seen as motivation? Becoming one of guilt Cell phone poetry [Rhythms] hiding in plain sight Time to call my mom The heat of the Scotch [Kennels] A warm memory To happier times Ah, the rain returns Beautiful morning to sleep But there are babies Found an open book Rosetta Stone unwritten Read between the lines Sleepless solitude Sleeping next to wrong person Both are lonely nights How do you expect? To find love in this time of Social distancing Refrigerator Homosexuality All the gays are cool I love who you are To me a light in darkness A joy in my world My heart palpatates All these people I don't know Watch me bare my soul Sundance through the blinds A lazy Sunday with you Pizza for breakfast Massive jaws stretched wide Gaping to consume the sun Screaming constantly Luke Skywalker dies Kylo Ren kills Master Snoke Princess Leia lives Death is the end, right? So why am I still awake? I feel everything Tell me when and where And for you, I will be there Twenty minutes late I'm new to Reddit This sub has piqued my interest It's pure poetry The golden hew fades Violet extending forth All encompassing From seed to the top Branchs all under the sun A pleasant shadow Your presence, my joy God's plan for you and Ilove So blessed are we all? Sitting here, I be Writing this haiku for you Trying to see Green Solitary thoughts Thinking of good times we had Face to the fall wind Today I have learned Split sentences unwelcome Still learning mercy As the time ticks by I mindlessly fill the void But still wait for you Like everything else Self awareness, it turns out Always relative Online piracy Not a crime without victims Hurrying creators At the long table When trying not to take sides The world turns below Humans aren't we all? Just pieces of the same leaf Leaves of the same tree I stumble to sleep On the soft stones of cartoons And padded voices These cold winter nights Speaking in whispers, they weep Turning the last page Lonesome streetlight glow Families stir in their homes America sleeps Got all my stuff moved Carried boxes all day long Oh, my achin'back Hometown memories Never forget where you're from Nostalgie and more This is the end part Here I'm adhered and not here Here we go again Anxious gardeners Hurl debris into calm lakes Turbulous waters Middle or upper Can't tell by looking at them They're the bourgeoisie The promise of flight Waiting in this concrete tomb Sticked at the airport Your hidden struggles How I pray in love for grace Please take my handwalk When life is clouded When we forget who we were How can we return? The world is so cool You can do a lot of things Yet somehow I don't One swipe to the right A chat, a coffee, a walk One kiss told me all A youthful car and Aging face with frazzled hair Rebelling the truth Coronavirus Firth, dry cough, maybe death Grab all the bog roll Bookends you and I A story of love between Lord, thank you so much Sticked in this prison Shackled by complacency Binded by laziness Sunshine, kiss the moon Wind chymes, rattle the window Eternally still Should I be dragged down? If my ball and chain are so So comfortable Understand your pain There is wisdom to be gained In rumination Solitary tree Ornaments of pink petals A black bird perches Before the virus Travel was an adventure Now it instills dread Removeds of your Existence spread around the Apartment we shared Always wanting more Time to get up and get it Today is the day Worldly joy tempts me At what cost brief is the high? Teach me Lord this day My eyes are heavy Sleep calls, but falls on deaf ears I must finish this Cocoon split apart Complete metamorphosis Butterfly takes flight I bare my sharp teeth The laughter emits through them The reason in front Trick or treaters come To a house without candy I left my lights on A weed edible It's not working, I need more I need ambulance Spring caterpiller My friend sitting on a leaf Soon you will have wings Words held within'Why? They are for you, for us now Today let's converse I always crave hugs They pull me in life's purpose The tight, warm embrace Puddle in the woods What an ugly sight in May? Moisterias rejoice I dislike most things However, cloudy blue skies Gives my cold heart wings Tick tick time flies by Many, but never enough Grace is all I need Thunder and lightning A big boom, a streak of light A storm from within Unexpected rain Her smile was my umbrella And then the sky cleared Why should time be killed? When you have nothing to do Why not simply live? Your head and your hands It's the'price of prescience' My dear cicero Lost in the snowstorm I feel warmth emanating A smoking chimney Endless solitude A smile as my pretty mask Hollow and empty Mother and baby Peaceful in their slumbering Coughed on the couch A hole in the ground A box with old memories A hole in the heart I'm alone again It's just begun to get cold The lake is frozen My mind is weary I dreamt of dolphins last night I was at last free No fear left inside Everyone wants to love you Free upon this wave Get out already You've been in there forever The longest shower In a nicer world There's no riddle take the grain Crossing the river Leaves falling floating Colours fading, cold returns Winter is coming [ clocks] No longer tick Time has no space when with you Universe free float Beckoning blue pool Summer's Master flatterer Relieves only sun Did you find it yet? I checked everywhere there too Oh, it's in my bag I leaned into you I thought you were solid ground I am in pieces The sun shines longer Crocuses, push back the dirt Ospreys divebomb fish She has a berry Can be gulped down easily Monsters ate my wife A weathered headstone Here lies a polititian Their last honest words Can't take it with you Golden coins fall through fingers Summer's wealth is spent We wait for summer Winter wears and wears us down We settle for spring When making friends with Buddhists don't get too attached They certainly won't Voluptuous lips Stamped red by sweet strawberries Meet mine so softly If there is a god She probably hates us for Calling her father Fall in love again She's at the Chinese buffet Hope she likes her food A bright, sunny day Thankful for the warm weather Blue sky, puffy clouds Running in circles Channing with no end in sight The tail was my own Salted bone feathers Darting salmon now on bloom Rain buckets too soft She is a princess So beautiful, what a trip? She came from my dreams Silent halls echo [Claires and whistles] And clapping The basketball drops This is my rifle There are many like it, but This rifle is mine Love was all you knew Tail wags never seemed to stop A very good boy Sitting in a bush Up down, up down, push, push push Busted on her, tush Seem through dusty blinds One lark perched on a wet branch Morning light rising I bear a great weight It is not anxiety It is loneliness Why do you do it? Searching for the real you by Running all your life No color, the same Yet under the moon and stars We all wear midnight To find a purpose Is a thing one cannot do? The purpose finds you I woke up today I looked over and saw you I felt myself smile The silence is heard Irrevocably noticed A screech owl breaks it I made a mistake And you forgave me for it Let us celebrate hoped you wanted me But then I remembered that You wanted him more? He is a warm mass With Gentel Snores that calm me Envelop me sleep Singing songs gently Assuredly out of tune Words I never knew I got out of bed Small but monumental task One day at a time Fourth floor balcony Minimal men beneath Run pointless errands Fingers, swipe pixels With heads bowed in piety Techno, Rosary Play ball with the dog Don't take it back, only throw He won't come in now My brain hurts like hell I should see a doctor now Oops, it is too late Perfect is your love Why don't I rejoice daily? I need a hug, Lord The great Phil Lynott May your memory remain? Within the black rose Under your shirt The skin of your back is cool As we sneak a kiss I think not of joy Love circles like a vulture Pain has company Oh, I miss watching Your body glide through the world A most perfect waltz Thankful happyhearts Staying healthy together Vaccin day for us I found a body Eyes staring through the dumpster Her face is my own Memory etched skin Angry ravines of self hate Those were sadder times Naught but a sliver The unspeakable Anguish The hidden splinter I'm covered in spikes Leave me alone, don't touch me Just please go away Are you gonna cry? Are you gonna piss your pants? Gonna shit and cum Go to Instagram Everyone cooler than me I am a loser Hey, I get it now He said too late for action To an empty room The music maker Enamored by the dancer Two beats synchronized A dance of moonbeams Reflections of soulful depth Internal sparkle I might be racist Racist to the human race You all fucking suck Hearts are made of glass I'm picking up the pieces I bled out for you (sigh) Missing the mark Knowing and choosing wrongly Today, a new start Inner flames drive me Yet she took my breath away What is even left? Fuck you, you fucking Fuck, I fucking fuck the fuck Out of your asshole This hand can't be mine Hurrys when I write draw or dream It's getting older Out on the islands Is a cool old crib stone bridge? And lobster boats too Laurent or yanny Polarised opinions A blue and white dress Walking past the park Green buds spring from naked trees Unbuttoned wool coats Still water, calm mind Mountains stand strong against waves Water finds a place I know you judged me The moment that you met me Take another look A porcelain face Cupid's astral arrow strikes And leaves me bleeding Starved without hunger Unmotivated, I wept Totally inept I should go outside But I let the day slip by Thinking not doing Unending boredom Searching for the answers in My fridge and my phone The white morning moon Casts subtle springtime shadows Beleuchtung Seasonal sadness Unrequited love once more Can't shake the feelings I sometimes wonder Do trees feel your heart beating? Touching their rough skin The stereos blare Wailing auditory waste Poison is toxic Silence implies end But leaves ambiguity Where a hope smoulders? Always had my back Even when I fucked up bad Love you, mom and dad Winter woods in spring Radiant space hung in time What will set it free? Living is calmness Energy a currency I am fond of both Your love gives me life Joy in serving you, my friends Let us dance and sing Looking for Haiku Written by Ikkyu, please help Classical Chinese Playing in the mud At a leaky faucet, the Wasp is rolling pies Turn on tune in, drop LSD with Tim Leary Mind expanded, yes Should my haiku rhyme? I learn new things all the time But my rhyming sucks Procrastination Keeping me under my sheets A tranquil delay Cold winter mornings Swans napping on the river Make my feet feel cold All things fall apart Yet I continue to hope I'm an idiot Looking at my face The crevices to show for Living sixty years First, I beat my meat Then I yeet my skeet always That is my motto Jesusglorious Jesusforgiving, my sins Jesus,lead me, Lord Covid means caring For others and yourself too So wear a damn mask Put the kettle on Life is short, there's lots to do Better get to work Flowers, Bob their heads People hurry to shelter Birds flit in spring rain Strictles should do it Do you think they're sharp enough? Might just take a few A soft white feather Floating toward a hard ground My hand captures it With each new haiku I find I am compelled to Count each syllable A vision long gone Is that what the future holds? A silly daydream Barrows of light strike down The sky yells and cries enraged My candle flickers Same old resting pond Soft breeze, kissing the surface Goose bumps spreading out My roommate is black I'm a really big brown boi Diversity is These words like riddles Filling your mind and the room With silent questions The Florida man Is making headlines again? What has he done now? And the curtains close On life, death and the beyond A wonderful show I heard something said I then lost myself to it I do forgive you Brought back from the brink Death is peaceful, nothingness I want to go back First, it's snow, then green Violets and reds, then gold Then brown, then the snow Nature gave a push Giving birth to October In a cry of cold Off rocks, Ricciochet Sharp calls of the birds above Do they hear us, too? An ember ignites That which they thought could not burn My world turns crimson Sit back and relax Then without warning a tug A beautiful koi Their screaming voices Echo down the corridors Silence them, but how? If only I could Unsee a film unhear a Song you'd be long gone Salt shooter, then lime See how many you can take Then puke your guts out A boy and a girl Holding hand in the night sky Eternal romance Say your goodbyes now Background noise of the new day Will soon drown you out Winds will come and go Sometimes bringing cloud or rain Change is natural You fit into me Like a key fits in a lock You open my heart Seriously, oh, no I treat them like a bad joke Haikus are so neat Young girls in their teens Arguing with each other Over boy, love books Accumulate wealth Think only of yourself since Gagne's not good, but God I threw a coin down In a wishing well today The coin sunk so low Finding work to do Ungratifying again Tomorrow, Beckons Time and time again You lead me to joy and peace I choose to follow In Halcyon days We used to run with the wolves Now we work for dogs Save the young So that they might understand We went through the same Choose to love no cost Persecution, temptation Trust, hope found in love An inner struggle Fighting many bouts with doubts Frequent opponent Good morning, sunshine Things are getting out of hand Breath, pull yourself up My cynicism Vs a tab of acid With no survivors Electricity Beefheart growls from pink deserts Miss Zeta, taketh From before my time Great music, words that inspire Miss you, Tony Sly They told me be vague Don't stand out or speek my mind Keep it all inside A country hook up No map is reliable I am surely lost Under two bluejays While digging in my garden I found a haiku I sat beside you Sharing thoughts, love exchanged joy Pilgrim's hand in hand Leave me misery I let you into my heart The pain lingers on My mind is a cage With thoughts endlessly swirling Is there no escape? The wind and the rain Stripping paint off toy soldiers The sky shoots to kill Is love anything? But basic reproduction Spelling continues Distractions, dart by Like a starved hound I pursue As time escapes me Hey, we need to talk Are you breaking up with me? This is how it ends Dishided by her, Shawl But the zodiac tattoo Swam over the breach Once upon a time In a shoe, she called her home Lived an old woman The speed of darkness Equal to the speed of light One master, one slave We crossed paths today Mask and hat left me unsure I hesitated Her hair is graying Crow's feet appear by her eyes Where has the time gone? Searching for presents? This side of Christmas Winter I don't hate you yet Brimming rays of sun Waiting to delve into the Corporeal soul Soft rain on the wind Beautiful and meaningless A sharp knife brings peace My book is published On Amazon now, but my Marketing does suck 'He was a good man' They all greeted me today Untrue, I'm just dead Swimming through darkness Searching for my one lost star Just out of my reach A pool of blank ink I want to dive into it Leaving lines behind? The cat is hungry A predator stalking prey The mouse becomes food Little white wires This ruffled patch of iron Stops my metal heart My daughter hates me I brought her into this world But I gave her up Yun and Yang exist But not absolute values Not so black and white The early morning Perfect peace in the twilight Just tranquility As peaceful as snow A quiet sense of true bliss After we made love Procrastination You want to change that habbit? Sooner or later An outdoor market Spicy fruit, fish, meat and wine The girl was stared at Got a coke balloon I just moved to a new house Lonley, journey tho A newborn rain drop Breaking its tiny body Against the hard ground Breaking point on Verge Cracks showing pressure building Sooner than later They said I'd lose fear After diving open sky Where planes and God play? Math homework must do Anxiety crawling in I might need some help When my assailant? Took only one ten pound note Was that his conscience? You did not forget Life lessons of love learned well Given to me, thanks Pretty little sheep Just wants to show off her dress It looks nice on you Neighbour clouds migrate The last sounds of nature sing Life yields fruit once more Don't cry in your soup Report the post or modmail Hissy fits are bad Baldness in Mirror A cascade of hairs fall down At the barber's floor Tupac spoke to me I lie, controversy sells A clouded judgement Words dance like ribbons Ephemeral candled ghosts Painted cavern walls This will be over When I'm so spent I collapse Just drag me away Now watching one piece Alabama episodes Winding down the night Even salted Earth Dressed under blankets of snow Can be beautiful Wild Bird, you teach me To hold out my open hand But not expect you Clouds saluting me As I fly away from home With my onion wings The ocean collects Memories unforgotten Keeped in her dark heart My dad was a clown I'm gonna be a clown too It's big shoes to fill Yo jack in the box The spicy popcorn chicken Fuckin slaps so hard Scenes once filled with life Now declining and fading Lord, constant your light As birds fall silent The East Wind becomes stronger Words change to whispers A selfish depart The grass is always greener Was this a mistake? I return to you The nose hair you plucked and flicked You thought no one saw Once again on app To find one to sit on lap Sadly, I look crap Calm waters, calm mind Darkness fades in brilliant light We rise together Past the swaying oak A traveling peony Guided by the stars After springtime rain Beautiful flowers sprout up Brilliantly blooming Everlasting life Transforming above the cloud Password protected You knew everything Transtransent presence of bliss Did you have to go? I could leave my mark Anywhere in this city? But I choose this van As it envelops Carnivorous fog whispers Deplete the light Hello, mother moon The tide swells at your behest Sleep well in your glow My master calls me Electronic sound commands My shiny smartphone What we want often? Won't reflect reality Sadly, this is life Spended my day alone Again, I think about you Until tomorrow Gentle, thoughtful care As Dawn breaks, so will she, too? Wages nursed in the dark Like two ships adrift Somehow we found each other And saw the sunrise When your world goes gray I will pinch your cheeks until The red absolves you Death will soon take you And all of the ones you love inevitably To define myself Ordinary ideas In abstract love The gold sands of time Through delicate glass, they fall Unique fall for all What is learned and made? revealing meaning in life For humanity A crow caws softer A Hummingbird monkey bars Haunted Dreams swingset When effort leaves you? The way envelops all life The current is swift I envy you, thief The moon must be delicious Judging by your grin The wind ripples clouds On the waters, glassy face A duck chases bread Trying times, my friends Let contentedness sooth you Simple values, true Together we hold With steel balls and diamond hands Strugging for the moon? To women's Libbers Don't strive for equality Achieve to be greater Now tipped upside down A single grain a moment The sands of time flow Blankets on the ground Staring up at satellites Summer writes itself A sapphire orb It's frosted to perfection I love blueberries Under the night sky Golden embers, giving warmth Marshmallows are burnt Laying on your back Under the glowing green Summer luxury Friday, the thirteenth Not a good day for most folks Superstitious swine To heal my spirit I must meditate at dawn God give me the strength The summertime jazz Like salsa through sinuses Opens up spirits Last few nights in town Freedom from a draining clock No holding back now I received your love How short was the time we shared? Till we meet again I fight for my right And I live for the thrillers Just not all the time President Moron How could it have come to this? Vote in November Moisterias are huge I feel like a blood donor I need to lay down Fog rolls through my mind Sluggishly, I move about A long day ahead I spotted a bird It derailed my train of thought I failed my classes Breezy is nudging Conifer conversations [whispering to sky] In dark, we make light In silence, we can make sound In this world poems She screamed out, oh, God I know she an atheist She must not hate this Strict hill before us Friends together, we will climb God guides and provides Marooned on an isle With no chance of a rescue His heart ached for her Pushed out of the nest Now, realizing I can fly Thank you for leaving You loved my green eyes Like a walk in the forest Now lost forever Prance delightfully Then give me aids mightily Male Ballerinas Darkness unfolding Plaques and tangles spreading wide Loved ones lose their minds Bright summer sunshine I own this day so divine My choices are mine [aches to give you up] Fly with your beautiful wings You were never mine As I receive praise I grant myself confidence Yet remain humble A youthful car, but Aging face with frazzled hair Rebelling the truth Lying on her side Book in hand, she scans the page Then turns to face me The first cup of tea Dusting away the cobwebs Waking up my mind Neighbour and worry Permeate my thoughts today Though not productive I am in charge here I volunteered for this job Please listen to me Beginning to end Inevitable at hand Life goes on, death comes shattered river ice Sews itself back together Scars, replace her breasts Times shared remembered Handing you to God's embrace [Friend] Thanks for your love I find it freeing The constraints of the format Elimits waste Out into the woods A man searching for meaning Finds only himself Just get me to work You need new brakes, yes, I know Cold cold car, please start Unhindered carefree Sang the birds, their joyful songs Despite the cold rain Raindrops are falling God is crying all night long Face hidden by clouds We were enemies The pain brought us together How are we so close? Tattoo studio The talented artist works A new butterfly Ink washing out blood Spirit stronger than the flesh But not all survive Humid city nights Continually shuffling Of feet on asphalt If I am a tree But your love is with the sea Make a ship of me Is spring not just an? Erawakening of the Earth From the deepest dream A crow flew upwards Camouflaged in the dark clouds Thinking thunder song? Give your meat a tug Put it between some nice buns Enjoy some pulled pork You do not fear death Perhaps you are ignorant Enlighten yourself Today's endless joy Chosed to be a slow runner Rather than a slug Spineing in circles? Attempting to get things done Making easy hard Golden, fall the leaves May the sun shine on your path? And farewell, she said Purrs vibrate my chest Mr Rogers needs my warmth Human space heater A cascade of light Sun beams peering through the clouds Reminds of hope Once upon a time At the end of a rainbow Miles found a trumpet Rains bring pains again But old scars will fade from skin You are a good friend I just can't escape Trust me when I say I've tried I won't forget you There is another Besides you in the fire You stand together All alone, pitch black In my bed, the thoughts evolve Fiending for resolve Pitch black and eerie Through the window, silent night But eyes stare both ways Sweet dreams, beckon me But racing thoughts keep me chained So I can't follow The icy wind blows So much coldness towards me Can't react in kind Beautiful flowers Clever winds blow them away Swiftly, life proceeds I had a dream once Joy, sorrow, triumph and loss Turns out it was life I miss that feeling Before you knew who I was Can we just go back? Two longing hearts met Remembering past lives lived? The two became one What are the chances? Such as my circumstances I need the answers Some insomnia I can dream my days away And worry through nights Night has calmed the heat Shining moon guards the sky path Ghosts stir anxiously I'll never forget Running my hands through your hair While you look at me You were everything I shut you off, I'm sorry Sunrise in her eyes The secrets you share Shall soon return to shame you? Trust no one, my friends Earth and sky melded The binding that calls down rain Petrichor smell'd it? My heart beats faster Your sweet smile brightens my day When you pass by me The feeling has changed From a sinkhole to a cave A radiant void Freedom is not free Through fall, frost and spring, we fought Summer will return The patter of rain Groes of wind blow through my room Free for the moment Plastic and gases Unnatural minerals Planet consumers Somewhere in the world Someone is building a chair Someone else is dead I miss you, but I Don't miss you, I love you still But I don't like you No time left to spare Through an isolating time Silent they suffer Use efficient words Seven syllables go here Five for first and last Steel Mountain Skyline Red lights flicker and twinkle Living city streets This girl is thirsty And it's starting to show this Is not a good look Fighting don't resolve Do not fight in life ever Love, live, do not hate Drop falls after drop Reading the tracks of your tears Parallel poems Planes and trains arrive An agreement yet to come High road untraveled I am full of hate Hot yearning for things to end Let's kill each other To you everything Is a spider leg broken? Off above the knee Upon the ocean I labour for my future One day it will come Withered flowers cry Ringing ears distract the mind Asphyxiation Trouts are a signal They explain how far you reach Deep into my chest See what's looking back A welcome escape from all Wash the fear away I throw the dog's ball In the Lanzana bush Peapers everywhere Stark, cold, gray hallway Body bags are near the morgue But one starts to move An ecosystem As vast as the Amazon In a box outside Stringing pretty lights Their phosphorescent flash is Christmas in July I've diabetes That's not cash money of life I've shidded my pants Like hidden termites We only see their progress When the house falls down From where comes the nerve? Hey, you can you stay inside? Help flatten the curve July, sixty nine Curious moths and street lamps Armstrong on the moon A yawing freighter Rocking, starboard and port is Bowing down to sleep I know just enough To know that I don't know much Except I love you The bent willow tree She's its leaves into the stream Why are you weeping? Morning espresso Accelerating the mind And bowel alike Not so serious Exhaustive efforts fail Be like the water Haikus are easy You just have to say some things And count how many Eyes start to water Impending sneeze, incoming I hate allergies The angel's cold tears Calls for the land's protector But no one answers I'm very hungry But am having too much fun Video games starve Exam tomorrow Anxiety rolling in Paralyzing me Focus clarity Daily, my view is improved Such hints of wonder A warm lambent glow Peaking through shadowy bush A new day to come Sensing five fingers Each open understanding Xenial right now You are wearing me Out like a fashion statement Affection is en Vogue Salt stains on suede shoes Swallows soaked by soggy snow Winter's welcome, wanes Somewhere over the Rainbow way up high there's A Land that I've heard of My cat weighed two stone The humming birds, remember? The branches she reached All the world's a stage implying I have a part But I have no script How do people still? Make original haikus You'd think we'd run out Called to follow you Eyes on you is all it takes All else fades away The day continued With no care of how I felt My soul slowly died The thirst is the worst When the sun fell down at last I drank water first How many hipsters? To change a lightbulb, it's a Small, obscure number He did lose his aunt Does he see me as his friend? I care about him Sharks are swimming in An ocean of snow by his Dorsal fins of ice On a pale spring day One rhinoceros beetle Feasting on fig tarts A cold wintry night Be overcome by warm morning With mighty purpose Midnight still awake While the rest of the house sleeps I dread tomorrow Don't paint the rainbow It's colors are everywhere Experience it Vibrations meet sand The grains dance accordingly Illustration sound God's hand see it now Reach out, connect, rise with joy Always there for you Suching fellowship? As hard as it may become Destiny awaits A tale of brothers Saving people hunting things Natural draped in his own flag The war removed everything Finally, he's home destined to descend Leaving a path of silver? Usher of winter One billion flashlights Shine down from the winter sky Ongoing tents I found you wilting Damn the sun, I will hide you But come back to life You can see the scars Where the sharp words cut this line? In three pieces Swift fat drops of rain [Compliring] Summer's end As autumn begins The park weekday nights Kids and dogs trample wet grass Last day's of summer Easy, wounded He sits and waits for something That will never come I can't miss ever I'm the motherfucking man I will never miss In blueberry woods Yellow raincoat, purple tongue I breathe in the rain It was destiny Ship was born to die in sea Won't forget you, Jack Water is dripping Echoing into a pan Driving me crazy Castles in the sky Above blue ridge sentinels Bathed in golden hues They say make a wish Upon the first twilight star Already have you Lunch break, walks fill me The flowers and dogs and kids Alas, I head back The ice has melted Everywhere that I can see Except my garden Why yes, I believe That it was Satan in me Gave me eyes to see If you are alone Just remember this haiku And I'm there with you And to what extent? Will these ceaseless dreams be lived? We all are waiting I love you for real Always know this love is real Because I am here When a good friend leaves A piece of them still remains Forever with you My ass is heavy It feels like anvil with legs My ass really hurts Sometimes I feel it This my city of angels Is my only friend? It comes once a year So celebrate with a pie It's three point one four I am in great pain Flashed before me a good life I am now at peace I got high off your Futes and chemicals and I Took too much too much Cthulhu sees all Death and destruction shall come He can not be stopped Drink before you drive Things can go south really fast Be careful, okay? Living with regret Keep wishing I could go back I should have kissed you You appear charming And careless, but I know the Chaos that you hide Silently, she sings A song of serene sadness But she's just a rock An early snowfall Drains warmth from the flower pot Cat curls up in bed Five, seven and five I could never count that well Why all that damn math? Brocaded clouds are From the House of Autumn and Dress a purple sky Through thick and thin friends There for you, no matter what? I thought I had two Insolence pervades So reprimand my buttocks Don't spare the Rattan All up in yo'house With my feet upon the couch eff yo' couch biotch To discourage mice The kitchen is kept well cleaned Such orderliness Calm and balanced thought Harmony follows the plot Good actor of life Dawn drips on the trees Rambos of black meet the eye Wind breathes relieved, sigh How hard can it be? To string some words together And call it Haiku A sudden rush of Euphoria, the fleeting Runner's High is here I look in your eyes And find my gaze drifting down Where your lips await? Don't let me say this I love you for all you are Heart, soul, hands and smile The fog lingers low Dimming the colours of life A monochrome cloak She tracks her gray ghost Footprints she believes too much And I too little Radiant fuzz ball Bursts to thousands with the wind Parachutes descend Today I'm alone Tomorrow I have to work Though just as alone Displaying patience The spider waits for its prey Death gives way to life Life is fleeting fast Memories slip as time flies Live with no regrets Today, a setback Your pain permeates my thoughts Why this path, my Lord? The dough has risen And soon the oven will yield A warm loaf of bread Chicken, bacon ranch Oh, that adds up to seven Would ya look at that? Walls, can you hear me? The trees weren't talking either Everyone hates me Dead humming meadow Thinky vines constrict the oak Falls down the soldier I would love to know What a hot pocket tastes like? Without a burnt tongue Face through misty glass Who is it a bell chimes back? Crimson specks in snow We could never be You were just a dream and I Was your fantasy? Maybe I'm a ghost I hope we can spend more time Does it hurt so fine? This sweet little hate Is but a fleeting feeling Gitter burns within us Anthonize matters Say it in Canadian It's Montessori The nights grow shorter Yet I remain in darkness Please turn the light on Moving furniture Kills me as I save money Wawa overdose? Creative lifetime Now artifacts circulate We make just to share Once again, such pain Slows me down, but I endure Offered up for you Atrium is full Aggressively shitting birds A ruined new hat A man with no shoes Met a man who had no feet And he was humbled The Earth is dying We're only getting older Listen to your heart The tide washes out Memories of us both here Tracks gone from the sand Pain inside my chest Another one down the hatch Crying out to God Chating on my phone Like I have nothing to do But to talk with you I must clean my room My cellphone beckons to me Scroll and see and like Faith hidden within Listenhear, looksee, believe He does it for you Been more then a year Everyone says to move on I fucking miss you anniversaries Today makes fifteen for us That's Sixty Seasons Saw you in a dream And said we really have to Stop meeting like this There are things I knew But I no longer know them Brain leaks still not fixed Where is my haiku? I know I posted it here Oh, look six upvotes Don't fuck with someone Other's feelings because you're Unsure about yours My poop smells awful I should go to the doctor Or stop eating eggs Share meeple castles Creative seven letters Always pick tiles first Did you guys know that? Reddit has a haiku bot It must love this sub Cornucopias Thin white vertical incense First, honeysuckles I notice the heat A lonely light flickering Surviving the night? Everything is black I just want to be happy It will never be Life weighs heavy A Long way ahead, steep, it goes Yet it glows golden Ushua World Limits Unwillily bound to earth Yearning for the stars Invisible strings Are attached to all of us And all tangled up Haikus, help me think Momentary, concise thoughts Stopped with a ribbon Clouds shredded by wind Wet feet for man in the moon Willows still weeping An otter went down In the glassy water To catch her breakfast Do not waste your time And know that without failure You cannot improve Beating my way back Another night on this road I gaze at the moon Keep this in your mind Only after the clouds cry, Will the rainbow come? Gazing at the moon On a still summer's evening Feast for mosquitoes Old brittle dry bones Found inside a uniform A past imperfect She cries silently Her sobs barely audible And no one to hear There's a pelican In that ball of feathers, Tar Or it is a gull Looking for something In the bottom of a cup The low autumn sun Middle of the night My fingers tick tick ticking A hot flash, Haiku Kissing the widow Along her silver neck chain The glint of his ring My Ford Explorer On a neverending quest For a parking spot I saw that finger Yes, you in the intrepid We shall meet again Flush to the sunrise Old Donkey taking winter One day at a time In the nursing home She talks about the brother No one talks about Peapers in the wind My neighbors practice Tai Chi In the parking lot Cool and cloudy day Slowly, the season changes Remirrored in your eyes Lights of the ferry Leave the island of Cedars In deep dark shadow Tonight on my deck Setting sun the longest time Bring memories back Sultry July day A homeless fans herself with A piece of cardboard Morning cloudy sky She comes out of the shower Wrapped in a towel Saturday night rain A couple eye the lobsters In a water tank Snow mixes with rain My mother keeps calling me By my brother's name Fog on the mountain Rain tapping the window pane Cup of tea steaming Picking up his toys Still in my funeral clothes The very last time Lullaby of rain Another pinch of saffron In the pumpkin soup Concert in full flow Mingling with the music The smell of cooking Sensinels of spring Kite's bobbing for attention In saucy, March winds Read the lunation What it says about winter? Then perfect the step The crayoned rainbow Got swallowed by her sea bed Sinking deep inside Turkey, chicken, duck (Sourcings, ham, bacon pie) Sizzle on salvers Stars wishing upon The potential of humans Shine faithfully on Collect red bug bites Show you a peacock before His tail gets ratty Do we seem rootless? Holding fast to the anchor Of the saddest things Old man's love affair In trying to forget it A winter rainfall Silence of the Dawn Sewing in sun speckled sea Gliding into port Tango with shadows Each on its own axis spins Dialogue of light Shadow and pollen Atop mauve crocus petals Bespeak winter's end Dying of the leaves Forest of changing colours Silence of the trees At sunset we sat You and me quietly there Breathing in and out To find the beauty Even if it's dark and grey That lightens my day My mother told me That a yellow sunset means Hard wind is coming Long shadows at noon Means winter and sun cold day Of peaceful walking Like a summer breeze Blue sky landing in my heart A cloud with feathers Corner of my eye Perception is blurry line Between truth and lie Happy to be here Sparrow says good morning day In the golden light Rest your weary feet Comfortable place to sit and eat The squirrel settle Alchemy of light Turning moments into gold Everywhere I look Dawn and dusk cycle Another tree has fallen Now rests silently Shadows of my life Walking closer or away I'm still no closer Got just a dusting Snow heavier south of here It's still very cold A moment, Rustle In the grasses of the fields Spring is leaving us Maple lights in wood Like stars of nature's heaven Pursuing the earth Autumn sunrays shine On forest trees soon to sleep Colored shadows weep Night Sunset in Wales ancestors of this landscape Gazed upon this scene Autumn sunshine glows On nature's sparkling jewels Colours of heaven Before the red gate Only one choice to be made Enter or escape Swans rest together In the evening, star sunset Until darkness falls No bunch of flowers Only this magnolia bud I do not forget By the jetty waits A silver boat for sailing On water, so blue Clouds at sunset time Hide the dying gold sun rays Shine as magic lights Memories so pure Life that was so beautiful Colours of sunset Only the one now Hold on tight and remember Protect and cherish Rising from the earth Space like vision of beauty Treasure of plantlife A perchance to dream Hear singing of the sea birds Boats bobbing on tide Ponies on the sand Summer evenings will soon end Racing to the sea Sundance fading fast Seagulls resting on the sands Time for going home Only the gold sun Setting over the Welsh Sea Simmering like silk In this autumn, morn Rusty reflections of trees Gliding of the Swans Copper medals shine Nature's prizes for beauty In magic beech leaves Colours of jewels Amber, Ruby, Gold, Silver Painted on the lake Flash of a rainbow Jewels of ruby and gold Nature's raw beauty Wild ponies of Wales ancestors of the high hills Rooted in this place Low sunrays shining Golden Sunset, Magic Time Long winter shadows Silver dancer sways Slender branches blow in wind Sacrifice tree of old Seven hundred years The Abbey walls have listened In prayer and silence Reaching to the sky Beauty in its silent grace Protecting the graves Watching the ponies Standing in the warm sunshine Moments of beauty Blue sapphire sky Silver Jewelled, sparkling sea Summer at the beach Feathers of soft silk Colours of clouds in the sky Silence of the Swans By box pond, Foxgloves Light up shadows in the woods Trees softly whisper Meet at the arbour Looking over green woodlands To distant landscape A magical scene Dragonfly in summer sun In an insect world When shadows begin To eat the light at sunset Darkness will swallow Such a handy bridge For crossing tiny puddles Of left over rain The sound of tadpoles Singing that late winter day Curated my winter blues Shadows fall around Announcing a cloudy day The sun is hiding I took time today To watch the sun slowly fall In dark of night The sky went crazy Blue and white mixed together Like a bowl of soup The snowman held on Getting smaller and smaller Refusering to melt Can women eat here? Not according to the sign Photo may be cropped A crossing of lights A pair of bold, bright colors Does X mark the spot? Will any name work? For this fragile piece of art Call it beautiful Sunshades and water The perfect mix for a day Of lounging around Here's a lone building Here's a long lonely landscape Where are the people? Heaven surely waits For one so surrounded by A lifetime of love What catches the eye? The angle of light on stairs Shows the way to go My initial thought Like a yellow submarine What goes on inside? The message folded In the shutters was the Mystery that day A glimpse of branches Amidst the concrete and steel Walk slower and see See the lemon slice So cool and casual near The frosty glasses Explosion of lights Could be almost anything Except sheer darkness Vibrational neon blue A reflection of the sky In many windows Ghostly figures, dance Beyond the broken windows Beg for attention New Mexican spring Observing on both sides of Screen as expected The placid pastel Saint presides over her world Always gazing up In those very last Days before spring's arrival Nothing was yet green The Carnival Ride Had a bit of a stutter Glad I was grounded No words can enhance The South Pacific night time [Skypes] Why even try? Eerie glow from night Divers undulates through the Clear ocean water The day breaks gently This close to the equator Day's nights are equal soaking in Mozart A purple cactus flower On the windowsill Cupidal snug plays Solitaire eats like you would Load a pellet gun A sunflower field Millions of tiny faces Slighting in daylight Good night, fair city Your belly button sex drive Makes me fucking sick Not willing to leave This imperfect nest, this bird Has so much to learn The clouds open up A halo of rain downpour Your lips glistening Another new year The reek of gunpowder wafts On the cold night air The Vermillion glow From the pistachio trees I knew your father Rain turning to snow A beggar in the subway That no one believes Smell of sweet clover Sting into the place I used to belong Early winter moon The sound of a newspaper As it hits the ground The polished surface A white heron hesitates To put its foot down Before the curtain The drama of schoolgirls In the audience Sundance on the wall Brushing against the yellow My deep blue shadow In the parking lot A rose petal has arrived From nowhere special A great blue heron Wading through autumn colors One step at a time Not a laughing mouth A bent bow or an eyelash The slender new moon Under the red leaves The rungs of the fish ladder Silvered by Salmon You hardly know when You are coming back, you will Find so much to learn He digs the flowers Green, red and blue nor wishes To be spoken to He digs the flowers And cuts the hay and never Seems to want to play The Roses push their Little tendrils up and climb Higher and higher Paul's head was heavy His hands obeyed no orders For his fancy strayed Goddess of morning Aurora, as friend of my Muse I once knew you Sorry, blazers, but The pelicans just want the Ball more than you do First week of classes And stress has already made It's right at home My uber drivers Backseat is full of glitter Who was the culprit? If you are afraid Of failure you don't deserve To be successful Why is everyone? Suddenly looking for a Sugar, Daddy, lol The devil, keep on Testing me, I just pray that God keep blessing me I can't even breath Just looking at her in that Tight dress, poor baby On Easter, two words You can say to Jesus if You know what I mean? I'm referring them All to you, firefighters We got a hot one The future belongs To those who prepare for it Today, Malcolm X It's barely midnight And I'm getting sleepy, I Must be productive Only I would start Feeling ill the night before My Christmas party Nothing can stop me From where I'm headed, I take It all to Da Chin Traffic update due To Republic Day Parade Mayo Road is closed I'm Angel, I log In people's laptops and Forget to log off I might completely Stay away today, all of These lines are awful I probably should Try studying in advance For a change of pace Really, really just Need to get in and finish My tattoo sleeve, ugh I'm staring at him But I forget to pick my Face up off the floor I don't wanna say Admit to you, so I'll just Say goodnight to you I'm about to suck The soul out of Kevin He Worked so hard today I pray for guidance And patience everyday, Lord Knows that I need it Who knew that picking? A carpet colour would be So stressful, my god Let's play summertime He says Clarinet in hand He butts in I die Not really, but if You really want to we could Figure something out Ronnie, I hate to (laugh at my own expense) but That was funny, lol Being stubborn is Such an ugly flaw of mine Need to get a grip Putting yourself out Can be quite scary, here's to Trying for the best Fuck, I'm so fucking Tired, I hope I get sent Home early today They are obsessed, can You imagine having this? Much penis envy You worried about? Being lonely, I'm worried About going broke I really don't think It's healthy how much I feel I need my earphones I don't even know How my finger got cut, but? It's ugly as fuck Why does everyone? Either hate my sea monkeys Or want to eat them? For Thanksgiving I'm Thankful for myself, it's all About self love, y'all Flu levels rising In Florida, no outbreaks Reported in schools I always wandered What will happened if I stop? Believe to my dreams Nobody cares if I'm dead or alive, oh what? A wonderful life How are you going? To live over the edge with No edge up, my guy lol chick really did That I knew it'd happen Sooner or later I'll never be where I want to be, I'll always Want more or better? I'm ready to have A whole ass breakdown and it's Not even noon yet I feel the breakdown Coming so let me just spam About Jackson's smile After two hours In traffic, I'm finally Moving again, lol I keep complaining About getting fat and I Just keep eating hays I don't ever want To hold you back, I only Want to lift you up? Live Facebook topic Today don't make a living By cheating people I'm going to watch Baby, don't stop now, I hope I'll make it alive Big money and big Booty bitches that shit will Be the death of me Taking your ex back Is like trying to put poop? Back into your butt Only victors are Allowed to live this world is Merciless like that Calm your tits, honey It's an alert system, you Don't get to consent I pray everyday It's the miracle we are All waiting to hear Well, guess the season Is pretty much over hope He gets better though I wanna youtube Channel, but I don't wanna Do it by myself I'm just not going To answer stupid questions Today, Nope Nadal Just witnessed a car Crash at my work, Holy fuck It was so scary Jameson, I'm cooler Than anything else you could Be doing right now You look so pretty We gonna have to get you A pin for your top I'm trying to go To bed and suddenly I'm In the mood to fight I'll be your daddy For about as long as my Parents were with me PACE's Wrigley Field Express is a game changer And a life saver I found the cutest Set from Vs I hope it's In leeds tomorrow Snort me, tell me AWEsome things, you know, I love It when you do that I knew a German From Essen, Paul Vogel, do You know each other Lost my favorite Stein tonight, rip never can Be replaced, I'm sure I watched love, Simon Yesterday and it was so Good, I love Jesus Why are we talking? About not wearing a bra? Under a tube top My heart is going Out to Pittsburgh today when? Will this madness end? It happened in the Time I am at home outside A business contract Nah, this performance Means we won't continue to Get our targets Please stop abusing And killing animals, my Heart cannot take it lol, I always come For the cookie, but I stay For the caramel Safe to say, Darnold Is by far the best rookie? Q&B, this year Do you ever buy? A book just because touching The cover feels nice Lord, I'm craving A Chicken box Lord, why are you? Doing this to me? Trying to cram an Essay in one night, someone Keep me company The new national Industrial Court in Port Harcourt is nice, sha No matter how hard I try, I never feel like I'm doing enough A river cuts through A rock, not by its power But it's persistence I find it kinda Enough that my crush likes To play games with me I have a feeling I'm going to become some Airline plane weirdo Happy new year to All my family and friends Blessing love to all Sean said it's never Too soon to post another [Miracle] So stay tuned The effort that comes With creating fake accounts Just to troll people Let me pretend to Start on this essay for the Third night in a row It's the regular Season, the objective is To play to win games I just remembered I'm seeing Darren Criss and Lea Michele next week No words could ever Explain how much I miss my Brothers and sister No one understands How bad I really wanna? Die, no one gets it For reference A Clean and simple, responsive Design, I love it I made a mistake Carrying my iced coffee Out into the snow Not a question, but Yes, it looks like Tuskegee Is treating you well? I love that, Eric Is so involved in helping? Me plan the wedding I keep getting chills Thinking about this man, what? Has the world come to? What a subversion? Of expectation one might Say that's comedy Chugging a cup of Coffee before I try to Lay down for a nap I need someone to Stay with me no matter how Hard I am to be Get settled with your Popcorn and beverage kids It's about to start My brother would run Th through a brick fucking Wall for Marcus Smart I just honestly Don't want to lose the people Important to me Why does McDonald's? Never wanna give me my Fucking apple juice These stupid rumors Keep on spreading again where The hell is a ya I legit can't sleep Because my finger hurts so Fucking bad right now Woodo shots, no thanks The only shot I want is A shot to the head Twitter, who is your? Favorite actor and why? Is it John Cusack? Y'all are so open About private shit like that Could never be me I can't sleep because I forgot what I'm supposed To do with my arms I would only want To time travel, so I can Predict Super Bowls I can't continue To wait around until you Decide what you want Our case worker Better work his magic, I Miss my son so much If I eat myself Would I disappear or would? I grow twice bigger I am so thankful For the many blessings, God Has placed in my life Look after yourself Trish, you deserve it, have fun With Shane tomorrow I won't wait around For you to decide whether I'm worth it or not I keep waking up And falling asleep again Do I wake up now? This is going to Be a tough pill to swallow If we lose this one The forgotten men And women who have gone on People are angry Finishing off a Uni course with an A is A beautiful thing Of course she started Out with good genetics from Her handsome father I was blinded by My feelings, even the truth I failed to notice Can a convicted? Felix, run for president Asking for a friend Now that is priceless Karma, whatever you want To call it awesome He clearly kicked him But you won't see media Showing this angle Going ham for the Cheese like I'm ina kitchen Put me on the bread Be the teacher who Makes kids excited to come To school everyday A lot of people Say they're the opposite, but This works for me, lol My intrusive thoughts We're coming back and they are Going off this time Really in the mood To get pinned up against A Wall, you get the rest All love for Roger Dealings, but was he high when? He got the award Landed as Gardner Hit the triple, go back up And come down again I'm going to wake Up any moment and I'll Be in my own bed Happy Mother's Day To all the wonderful moms All around the world You really do, Glo Up once you remove toxic People from your life Getting my nails done? Was such a relief now, I? Can finish my work Oh boy, it's snowing Pretty bad out there now it's Still going downhill Today was tiring Bit worried, but this will be A great year, Laban She's pretty and has A nice body, but I don't Really talk to her My laptop is not Working and I wanted to Watch a drama, sigh I'm so tired of Getting sick every time The weather changes In hospital, right? Now just waiting for my dad To finish his scan My blood is boiling And I'm shaking because I'm So fucking pissed off So many pictures Of us looking so sweet yet None of them are real My body says gym But my heart says you deserve That peach mango pie Does he fucking have? To have the camera right There I'm gonna die I just wanna pack Everything in the baby's Hospital bag, lol I'm so ashamed of Myself right now, ten nuggets A burger and fries Paul, the Apostle Of Christ, the movie made me Cry for some reason My birthday is on Tuesday and I'm ready to Not have it happen I know I'm sinning But before I eat it, I'll Say my grace in it Eight cups of onion Brush's a quarter ton of Beautiful tooth bones I'm not ignoring You I'm just waiting for you To talk to me first Oh, I still believe In destiny that you and I were meant to be Bloody hell even Eastenders was good today That and Doctor Who? Why would you ever? Say you hate your animal Stop being evil I'm pretty buzzed and I'm feeling myself like damn Girl, you bad as fuck Don't be afraid of Failure, this is the way to Successee: Lebron James I'm tired of school Even though it is only Second day of school Jimmy Fallon will [Laughter] At anything but my God, I'm here for it Bitches be all in His face, but I be nutting All over that face Be careful when you Follow the masses sometimes The m is silent A lot of rappers Can freestyle, but can't make a Song and vice versa Star Trek Enterprise No, I will not be reading Responses to this tweet You have to endure Caterpillars, if you want To see butterflies Leaders don't create Followers, they create more Leaders Tom Peters All hail Jenny the Baby Rib, may her reign be? Long and glorious Always be willing To gladly take everything You give to others Flying off of beds Scarring ourselves up for No reason at all A good insult is Telling someone why don't you? Go eat a toilet Our next app will Both innovate and disrupt A global market This is your daily Remind that I'd die for Louis and Harry I get off early Today, but I really don't Even want to go? Liverpool fans are A weird breed of football fan Always the victim Why do people play? The stock market, the answer Is to make money? Prayering God guides me To where I'm supposed to be Because this ain't it? I am not prepared For this season to end, I Need it to go on Had the honor to Give the Mr Curtis chips And salsa tonight Don't be saying shit About someone when they have Too much dirt on you Video shoot went Super smooth, it's gonna be A lovely summer There's a very apt One star Amazon review That sums it all up I'm good at reading People, my secret, I look For the worst in them Which is okay now So I'm going back in A Couple of hours My ego gets stroked I bruise her my actions, I Know they confuse her Just a reminder That you are beautiful, smart Talented and loved Taking pre workout And then waiting for someone Is a huge mistake Oh dear me, Labour And conservatives are not Going to like this? Sometimes I wish it Was someone who loves me like? The way I love it Demon King, you are Responsible for all the Misery we've seen I ever get done Up like that, I gotta go Home and end it all I love having a Full house, it's so much better Then a apartment Have no worries, I Will consider your will as Much as possible Bad shit happens, but No need to complain, handle That shit and move on We try to apply The newest techniques in pet Dressing and styling Sometimes the pain of This world is overwhelming Remember to breathe Wow, none of our Players can complete a pass None, not even Zil Gotta find something To do this weekend, refuse To be in the house Have you ever met? A question that made you want To be the answer It costs to believe Yet it pays well to believe My call, let's believe My sister's about To have her baby and I Just want to be there Like this, I'm lying I'll be home Saturday tho Dirfriends cat so far Y'all I'm serious I reached maximum slut last Night and I love it Cash money for A Picture of Spiderman with The Tarry Cougar How long is downtime? My update is done and I'm So eager to play lol, people make me Wanna smack the shit outta? Then happy new year Remember to type? Slowly to insure correct Grammar, I promise I warned the cauldron In this setting, virtue slips Being always serves Life is a magic Moment you just have to learn How to perform, Lloyd? Pushes cork in wine [ Bottle ugh] I think I just Drank a piece of cork I'm just excited About this food I'm going To eat tomorrow Barnes is about to Give up all the bases to Stanton bet money What about us, what? About all the times you said You had the answer Me after my boss Said we can wear costumes to Work on Halloween Aye moe demarcus His brother's funny as shit In this hotel room I cannot stand A Shady bitch, speak the fuck up Or shut the fuck up When someone asks how? You're doing and really wants To know, I love that But behold, I will Rise up early in the stead Of his redemption I'm driving, call me Or I'll see your message when I get to where I This is gorgeous, I Need to have you design some? For me sometime, U Even if we fall Off, I don't wanna let that Take my friend away Trying my best to Handle shit, but I don't know How much I can take? I am the biggest Paranoid freak in the world How do ye stop it? Great playing tonight Man, hey message me if you Could so we can talk? Looked in the mirror And said, Don't let the money Come in between us I have a feeling Someone else is about to Tweet from my account A static canvas Teeming with the inert life The moving colors Dubo always knew How to fly, he just needed A magic feather Somewhere deep in the Pits of hell art Modell is [Laughing] His ass off Let's smoke cigarettes And jam out to modest mouse And arcade fire All I listen to Is trap music fucking hoes? And killing music Uncle Yuichi is Really nice, I'm glad he moved In with me and Mom Unless I'm drunk then I'll text you tomorrow night lol, are you on crack? One exam tonight And another on Wednesday And then I can rest My income is large Sums only if I could Manage it better I watched Jurassic World at work and honestly It was really good I had the nicest Ugly driver this morning And it made my day The fattest dog came Binding into my office This morning day made Please respond, I need Physical contact I've been Went in the cellar Seems amazing that Some people continue to Resist this advice Everything seems to Be going right again, how? I love this so much No matter on what? Terms we're on, I will always Wish the best for you Going to repair? Shops is like taking my car To the hospital Like I remember When it was nothing with us Now it's retarded Trump is trying to Separate the haves from the Have even mores Funny how this can Also be used to add words In middle high school This man sitting next To me is breathing so hard Smacking on his gum She looks wonderful And I hope you feel better About your art soon I say, pool soccer A lotta peeps disagree Still way fun to play Most intellect do Not believe in God, but the Fear is just the same Nothing feels better Than accomplishing the goals I set for myself Who loves Ed Slaven? Enough to go see him in September with me Somebody find this Woman and make her next car Payment or some shit Class study hours Lunch, nap practice, repeat my Life in a nut shell Some people need to Learn the meaning of manners And start using them Okay, we can cross Weed and having a three way Off my bucket list I knew today was Going to be bad should've Never left my house In the middle of The game my power would try To go out, Dammit I want to download Photoshop, but I'm kinda Happy with Sai now You can always tell When someone is trying to Get your attention Goodnight, I spent all Day reading ugly moon and I don't regret it Why do I settle? For women that force me to Pick up the pieces Dwayne Haskins had a Heisman Moment last week is Kyle Murray next Is Muhammad the? Most popular baby name And England, oh boy If nothing else in The world can make me happy Music always does They're both of our Friends, babe, not only mine, I Kiss her pout softly I'm sorry, waren I was falling asleep and Getting mad goodnight? I don't like going To sleep when I'm sleepy, I Prefer to pass out In fairness, a belt Might be too easy for A Brony in training What can I expect? From bitches that ain't even Loaded to themselves Best music channel Ever has just followed me Am I famous now? After a hard day Of basic training, you could Eat a rattlesnake Having a good day So I just impulse bought a Sweet Denim jacket Disgusting, may God? Reckon with the abusers And heal the victims Shit changes way too Fast, I did not expect this Year to end this way If you don't pizza While you period, how do? You even survive You ask Lancer how? He is doing pretty much Being a king now I really don't want To go to school tomorrow I'm going to die Listening to rent As an adult, y'all ever Try getting a job So today I turn A year older, but so far I sure don't feel it Thank you, Senator And Merry Christmas to you And your wife as well Sometimes my mood is We got the party sometimes It's before the storm I think I'm gonna Hold onto that story for The rest of my life Thankfully I'm old Enough to drink and buy the Shir, when I run out Thanks for sharing, I Need to take my own advice Right about now, too Be the petty one Going around asking who? Wanna be it, lol? Try to enjoy the Little things in life, it'll Make you feel better Take care of yourself Wendy, because no one will Do that shit for you Working is dragging Along because I get to Go home tomorrow Permission to do A, I don't think so, honey People who don't vote I swear this, uber Driver has done the most just To get to my house Sometimes you have to Test people to see if they Are worthy of you What ever happens? Today, my respect for these Folks is gigantic French colonies are (Screen of an ancient culture) Of romance and war I'll be so happy When I no longer have to Pull up to this house Start because it is Not late for any thing that You hope to do it Cookies and pudding With Ria, what a way to? Spend an afternoon When I find myself In times of trouble, mother Mary comes to me Thanks for everyone Reaching out to me, R I P my step, Grandpa Ain't shooting at No Hoes nomo, whoever comes In my life, just come Sometimes you have to Pretend you're okay and stay Lost in your own mind Been in this bathroom For a minute now, cause I Don't wanna go work A private life is A happy life, keep it all On a need to know I'm gonna buy A Fucking bark collar for my Room mates, stupid dog Hey, what you saying? About black panther again Get a life body My always hard shit Out of boxers, I got to Get it together I wanna be held But I don't want anyone To hold me, you feel You make your wishes Make'em fast because it won't Last no, it won't last I remember when I met this group then after 'Sure I forgot The amount of shit? I forget on a night out Is shockingly bad? Homer is driving Drunk and has collided with A down right arrow Alvarez walks two And having to hear that goo Goo dolls song again I cannot believe I woke up sick, I cannot Catch a fucking break Holland, here I come Love England away days, oh? How I have missed you This Tequila might Be making me more sassy Than anything else You are always there For people around you and You are a blessing Happy birthday to My future wife, hope you have A good one, Miss Ya I will pay someone And buy them dinner to help Me repaint my room Thank you for always Being positive and for Always spreading love I got to concede Lebron took these bums to the Finals, he the goat Does everyone think? That Rosita will die in The next episode Sometimes you have to Act brand new for people to Start respecting you Dissolve the soda In the boiling water, but In its present form Save the hero is Such a Clarke Griffin song, My Babe deserves better People who give me Advice, I reckon they are Talking to themselves Sometimes it takes a Bad relationship to get You into the gym? I'm probably late But Khalid X saved a whole Give right now, my god Child, I can't believe It's flu season and I feel Like I'm getting sick The Rangers have guys On their team named Colonel and [odor] How fitting? Has anyone else? Mergeant, the moon is fucking Giant right now Looking at hotels? For Atlanta makes me more And more excited Goff Donald Gurley Peters, yup cooks will be on A new team next year Is there any way? To delete the snapchat ads This is confusing I'm so tired of Reading about credit, I Don't know what to do I really want to Volunteer in something and Feel useful for once Some cause happiness Wherever they go, others Whenever they go If his name's Woody Why have you called him canon? In the photograph You should be writing Like a creation in love With an endorsement I want you today Tomorrow, next week and for The rest of my life Yo Democrats do You agree, or is this just? More Democrat lies Me and my boyfriend Spended an hour looking at Cute dog videos I'm doing fine and I know you're always busy With stuff, it's okay Well, I'm extremely Claustrophobic, so I don't See that happening? And sometime I don't Believe what I see people Have amazing masks Keep yourself alive Or pretty much any from The Queen I album Once we figure out How to break into Tom's house? No one will stop us I love speedway, but It's always chaos when I Go be careful, please The stock market is About to fuck us, all right? Now it's just edging Russell, just submit To my love, I only give You the best advice? Karma is looking For you what you gonna do When it comes for you Man City in the Final, it is then, if we Get through tomorrow Is there anything? To live for after abroad Asking for a friend OK, just hold on A few minutes the process Will begin shortly [calgary] Please, if I were ana I would face These people head on Road racing is how You can tell if someone can Drive, not drag racing Getting paid twice a Month is fucking dumb, I'm not A fucking teacher I am wrecked only Just showered n got out my Clothes from Saturday A beautiful day Sweetly nimble pears flower Feliced on the shore Okay, shower time And preparing for school and Depression is cured Yep lately, I've been Expecting the worst, so it? Won't be a surprise YouTube is down great Now what else am I supposed? To do with my time My head is aching And I feel sleepy, but it's Too hot I can't sleep My depression come When I want to dinner, great My chest hurt again Some people dream of Success while others wake up And work hard at it I'm going Christmas Shopping today, some red shoes Might be on my list Holy shit I'm in Such a bad mood today for No reason at all I pledge allegiance To my dad for teaching me Everything he knows I was trying to Avoid taking a nap, but It's calling my name Call me crazy, but Meet the Robinsons always Seems to make me cry Clients try to get You in trouble like we don't Record their lies, lol Happy birthday, let's Us spend this day especially Slowly and calmly Whistling at me will Get you nowhere, move along And leave me alone The real question is Do I go blonde again or? Stay on the dark side OK, but like why? Is everyone being mean? To me today, lol Even tho I'm sick I'm still going to have the Best weekend ever Will continue to Live a single and simple Life with no baggage Add some gluten free [stuff to your menu] I miss Ur delicious food Learning to deal with Things instead of acting like It never happened I'm so annoyed I Do not like people, I just Want to go to sleep? Nevermind the sky Solved my dilemma for me It is now raining When Maddie decides? To love again, that person Has got to love kids Did he really melt? Down or just keep on being The dickhead he is You are surely not Expecting people to feel Sorry for racists When you're trying to Sleep, but then suddenly you Have a nosebleed, Hay In all honesty I did rather enjoy him Climbing over me You fall asleep, no? Worries, I be right here when You finish dreaming If you really want It, you gotta fight for it Give it all you got Try organic dark Brown sugar and almond oil And try oil cleansing I can't ever have Something nice, cause I always Gotta fuck it up I do believe this Page is the only reason I have a Twitter I have received so Much love over the past days And yet I feel sad This uber driver Is just an issue if there? We're overlay bars Cutting my hair off Is surprisingly one of? My best decisions Now she sings along When you play guitar making Brand new memories Some people love to Drag shit out versus doing Something about it? One day, Ratchet was Eating hay because it was Her favorite snack Tanner got in a Wrack and is being rushed to The hospital, I'm Feasy telling is One of my hobbies want me To read your fortune The true happiness Comes when we are able to Make others happy Only a fool would Let his enemy teach him Children, Malcolm X Did someone compile? All the press photos of the Product Launch Today The first one, minus One, ugh, shit is so fucking Different, it hurts My favorite part Of red dead is petting the Dogs, I come across I hate waking up Hunger, especially in the Middle of the night Wow, I never knew Ms State had the best rushing Offense in the SEC I'm glad someone does Because there are so many Lost people out here How are you supposed? To get your life in order If you've no money I'm speechless, oh, my God, what an incredible Movie, oh, my god That clip of Miro Doing the hammer motion? I really love him Even my mom was Like, why do they cut Misha? Out of everything And right after I Receive that dumb ass message Papa's getting blocked Look to nature there You will learn so much about The balance of life No matter what you Do somebody always gone? Have something to say No one is worthy Of the power of the high Ground a k a me Got the grill going And family around what? A beautiful day I just want someone Who is willing to go out? With me everyday Once again, you come Here asking for mercy, but We're only diez You are amazing Proud of you for being strong In your convictions You're so far away And yet closer to my heart Than anyone else Is it even your? Favorite song if you don't Dance it in the car I love swapping books Like, let me read what matters To you, I love it Kendrick is the best I've been saying it a while Now, will I stop, Nope? I ripped my skinny Jeans today and I've never Feeled so much sadness I want people to Be afraid of how much they Love me, Michael Scott We don't have any Beef or anything, I just Want to kick his ass? Skipped over the fact That your troops will reunite With their families When you become a Man, you'll understand believe Half of what you hear I just ate meatless Chicken, nuggets and I am Now a new person # hashtag: Donna is Queen, but can't even compare To Princess Sarah Florida, you have Been wonderful, but all good Things come to an end Oh, no baby, what? Is you doing mosquitos? Will eat you alive? The devil went down To Georgia, he was looking For a soul to steal Everyone told me About love, but no one told Me about heartbreak Who's going to be? In Boston this week for the Cloud Foundry Summit Cheating is cheating It just comes in different Shapes and dimensions Hey, the left Bible Thanks for the follow, I hope You enjoy my feed It's so important To show support and love to Others around you Don't create a false Fantasy, that's the only Advice I give out Sorry for no stream Had a lot of work today Stream Tomorrow Peace Check Greta's answers For the most common questions In the crypto world Spend time alone, it's Good for the soul to reflect And find clarity Fuck me, baby, it's Okay, all I do is young Bitches and cocaine Really all you need Is someone to laugh with for? The rest of your life Putting mommy to Rest today, I love Miss You More than anything Just remember that You do not have a license To spill tuxedo I really want to Role play Rick and Morty now God, I am obsessed I've never wanted To punch someone in the face So bad in my life I'm trying to save Money so bad, but here I Go shopping online Tell me everything About you you can go for Hours I don't mind I just wanna date Someone taller than me is That too much to ask No matter what the Truth is, that's waiting ahead I won't be afraid We were just talking Abt this few days ago and Now it's happening Five more days until I see the very first fur I met in Philly Over thinking and Making myself raging is A talent of mine So I leave London And the day after it starts Proper snowing there I don't mind talking To both, though, I always have My laptop with me Do you review small? Authors like Tiny Tiny The size of an ant I don't remember Ever having to wait in? Line to vote, not once Luna, do not fall In love with people like me I will scream at you That's something, Mina But keep doing it, do it For wanna one too? Goodnight wishing you All more better days ahead You did well, my loves Dr Burkhead or how? I learned to stop worrying And love the vulture Ghost whisperers, just Be using that shit to win Their own arguments Freedom is measured By the distance between the Hunter and his prey Grey's marathon this Weekend in honor of the New season next week I'm so focused on Me doing what's best for me What makes me happy? Does any one know? What if there is a discount? For the disabled Old farmers trying To navigate des moines and Find a place to park I can't believe A Fucking cat has more money Than I ever will It's pretty much A One sided feud publicized By Trump and Fox News I'm sorry to hear That a dad should never give Up on their children I'm perfectly fine With being tired if it's Driven by success How am I supposed? To do anything when all I can do is blush Don't rush anything When the time is right, it'll Happen, be patient My soul is painted Like the wings of butterflies The show must go on My outfit today Was something I wanted to Wear for a long time Is there a moment? Na, you feel empty, but you Don't know the reason Yes, I understand Your project is disruptive But what does it do? I'll do everything In my power to find this D I swear I will? Defeath the onslaught And war crimes against Yemen Go for it, I'll wait I'm feeling my hair Being red, it's bringing out My inner bad bitch Sorry for the lack Of content or posts, I'm not Feeling well today Maybe we can have A blind Valentine's Day date System, we need it Don't tell any big Lise today, small ones can be Just as effective Man, why is sully? So funny lol she has a Good sense of humor Gotta stop sitting In bed and browse Twitter and Get this day started Be my peace, baby If you want leave baby, then? You can leave, baby It sucks to suffer In silence, but it's worse when No one believes you When Missy says let's Go in, Borderline, you best Believe we going I love this weather But it's horrible when your On a double shift I like very much That fan trailer, wait to see How you did better? Oh dear, be ready You're about to enter my Shit posting channel Because I want to Be're learning excel on A Saturday night I came home today And the Christmas tree was up Time to get festive You're a bougie, babe But I love you, baby give You the world, baby Alright, I'm really Tired of throwing my ass Back for myself, lol Dude, the giants are stinking it up right now, I Highly doubt it, lol Hello, this Sarah Dobson Joe's mam I know have A Twitter account I feel more content With myself and my life style Then I've ever been If two people are Happy together, you leave Then the fuck alone Y'all remember when Adler would just yell within A month she married I have been waiting A week on one, withdraw pay Me out, holy shit Call me fucking weird But I'm playing beauty and Beast at my wedding I love watching puig Make mistakes never liked the Guy, don't respect him Lovely meeting you Yesterday sorry we can't Be there today, X Often we listen Waiting to respond rather Than to understand Our love is not Perfect, but we never give Up on each other Sometimes I have to Stop and remember you are God and I am not Last chance to order Your fan gear store closes at The end of the day I'm really yearning For a spectacular high Five from my main man Tom seems pretty bad I have a broken zipper I've come to see you 'Agree with this point Out of a shocker today Tuesday a crunch game All human beings Are born free and equal in Dignity and rights And I never have To worry about the love Thieves ever again My bae is awake And I still at work because I have to use them Luke followed Middle Twitter while I was sleeping Why not surprise me? Someday you will look Back and know exactly why It had to happen Are you just gonna? Post all the stupid shit, I Say yes, Adam, yes Mornings with my boys Also, waffles, this is all Happiness to me Honestly, the last Pic is the prettiest one Out of all of them If nothing go my Way by Friday, trust me I'll Throw a fit in here Said to the forrest Over coffee, calmness waits Anger never bows Thank you for giving Me reason to smile again I love you so much Russell Wilson is So, Cheesy, I love him but He is so cheesy It really be the People you least expect to Checking up on you Wow, believe the man And impeach and in prison Booker, right, Cory Ready, player one The secrets of the game are Hidden in plane sight The way u implied Your statement was as if they We're doing poorly Making someone wait For me makes me enjoy and Last you forever For the purpose of The pic, the low water is A really good thing Never thought looking For a good table and chair Is such a headache? She's such a badass And it would be my pleasure For her to kill me I will continue Missing you until I can't Feel it anymore Ain't it funny how? It is you never miss it Til it's gone away Sarcasm has been Proven to make you smarter And more creative So spoke the silence At this hour, tyrants dance Nothing never sinks Who knows a Jacky? From popeyes on Sierra By the hospital This looks promising At least it's not a reboot An expansion pack Cheating is never Acceptable, I thought u We're better than that Being ugly does Not make this level even Harder than mine, C Stay humble, exceed Expectations and let your Work, speak for itself The stress is getting To me again, I just want To break down and cry If it ain't about Me or my money, I ain't Worried about it? I'm about to join The Navy, so I can hang Out with my good sis I don't be feeling Like getting cute anymore I look dry most days I ain't a rowdy Person, but I'll beat a block Down behind that one I honestly just Want everybody to leave? Me the fuck alone You've been complying Well, who did it, baby and? Do you need saving? Trying to find A Second job that I can work In the morning, help One thing I'm adding To my bucket list is to Do an engine swap I've made so many Mistakes that I can never Forgive myself for Update: She is now Playing Nellie, you know she Knows every word There's a mystery Inside my head, it was you Dripping in all red The older I get The more I cherish hanging Out with my siblings I'm over the snow I don't have to see any Until next winter Dear God, this money That people always see in Me, please, I need it The truth will always Get you further than any Lir, you could fathom It takes you zero Ringgit and zero cents to Be nice to others Bloody hell football Liverpool great tonight, but It's only half time Reverse this and it's Me and my mom, she's always Raiding my closet I've been having such A fucking hard time lately And I don't know why I'm so fucking mad Bro, like, I wanna take a Walk so fucking bad People who can talk To other people are cool Wish I could do that Someday I'll have two Kids have a good career and Living my dream life Say, Alyssa, tell Him, how you really feel no? More holding back now If the power comes Off while I'm in the shower I'm going to scream I'm too petty to Go to the tune of razzle Dazzle all weekend I will change myself You will regret it because I'm tired from life Man, now I'm going To have a hard time rooting Against the Brewers When you really love Someone you accept alot Less than you deserve How do you even? Call yourself a taco spot With no green salsa Me and Adam just Exchanged flowers wow look at Us all cute n stuff Party time I love When all my family gets Together, love it Crazy to think there Is a thunderstorm in the? Middle of winter I always did this When I was younger and used To fuck myself up This helps ensure the Game receives the latest loot Hunt begins today If Stacey and I Get this job, it's gonna be A good ass summer I've been patiently Waiting for a crash for A Couple of years now Shit about to come To an end because I miss Driving my damn self I wonder why you'd Ever say love knowing I'll? Never be enough I have the shortest Temper so the littlest Shit will tick me off Baby, how far did? You wander to where you can't Come home anymore If a woman speaks And no one listens her name Is probably Mom? I keep trying to Find windows to sneak out to See it a third time Happy New Year, May The new year be Merry and Full of luck for you Are you really good? Looking, or do you just have? A beard that connects My head is hurting My heart is beating so fast My eyes are twitching Not watching my shows Tonight I will tomorrow Or later tonight Elton John Rocket Man, I think it's going to Be a long, long time When nobody would Listen to me, I know that I could talk to you I've seen that music Video: I just think this Was a big mistake I watched bowling for Columbine, I can see why It won an Oscar My brother needs to Hurry the fuck up and get Out of the bathroom The state of progress Instead of just shitting on People with no life Nothing because I Will let down my husband and Run away with them The thought of moving Is so scary, but I'm so Ready to start fresh Be careful how much U tolerate you teaching Then how to treat you? lol, sorry, but matt Damon was really, really Cheering in that film Add dried cranberries Instead of fucking raisins No one likes raisins Every prayer is Heard you just a be patient And let the man work Happy birthday to The most sweet girl ever, I Wish you all the best My future daughter Is going to be blown her? Name is Williamsburg Well, Donny, you know? All about corruption, you invented the word Happy New Year, Queens You did amazing this year We love you so much I just wanna throw Away all my shit and move Somewhere far away Freedom to deport Foreign criminals not too Much to ask is it? My friend amazes Me everyday, I'm lucking For knowing you love I stole my uncle's Bought of mint chewing gum, he Went fucking menthol Give me the credit I deserve Conan I've been Doing this for years Drinking wine all day And decorating my house It's a great Sunday I forgot to put An alarm and I'm barely Waking up for work I shall continue Praying such that I drop Then less frequently Conrad, yes, but that's Not craters and I'll let you Talk to Al Direct Not really you guys Decided to come out from Under the bed Man, today was A Blogging from God's o to The big man up there Why cheat on someone? When you can just be single And do what you want After the gym, I Be wanting to just lay in Bed ugh, but I won't Thank you, Santa, you Made our children very Happy this morning Behind the cold, the Worst thing about winter is This early darkness Splashing feelings, let's You air it out ion care What you care about? Roses are blue green Buttercups are linen tar Is sweet and so on Why do my parents? Always roast me about not Having a girlfriend? Besides, cute handsome What other words could I use? To describe a man You deserve to de Happy don't let anyone Make you forget that Yeah, I'm going to Use this as my reasoning To call in today I still remember The crash so vividly what? A comeback story You should be writing Like a conveyance fleeing From a debenture Dextra, it's too cold For real butterflies, can I? See the ones you use You have two options Today make progress or make Excuses, choose one Will the race finish? Under the safety car, what? A fucking shambles Tonight I found out That trap metal is a thing And I feel complete There is this sadness Deep inside me that I can't Seem to get rid of Just the right reason For women to kick ass and Hurry your own thing Yikes, maybe we should Start thinking about building A wall to the north Forgive the people That do you wrong, but never? Forget what they did Karma is real and If God's kind enough, he lets You watch it happen If you're upset, feel Free to confide in me, cats Are good listeners? Once upon a time There was an unicorn and It abducted you How convenient that? All of the games that matter Today are blowouts Lay up, make music Eat, lay up, that's the kinda Day I wanna have Happy birthday, Pat Looking forward to seeing You back on the track? Bullshit only for The big corporations and The wealthy like you Also, they knew how To open their mouths, hello Let's celebrate that Hey, private haircut I might've taken a bit Too much off yer head If someone wants to Don't donate their dog to me for The day that would be Why would they listen? To me talk about something I enjoy, I guess I'm an arms dealer Anyway, there's no point in Fearing what I sell Harry is bragging About beating his mom in Scrabble all the time She probably has Something better to offer Other than her looks Fairies in a pot The pot that breaks if broken Defies some physics [man] Sometimes I tell Myself, why do I do the? Things I do sometimes I can't understand How this could happen, welcome? To life, it's ugly Don't hate me because I'm different, admire me Because I'm unique My circle, real small It's like that for a reason I like it that way If it's still raining When I get home I'm working Out at the damn house Happy Mother's Day To all mothers in the world U guys are the best When things are below You, you don't allow them to Take your energy These last couple of Days have been killing me, I Need this baby out? There are so many Hot dudes at discount tire And I look like shit Matt, is it ever? Seeing in the new year in Bed sounds excellent I'm really pushing Myself to lose weight, ugh I'm So proud of myself I'd prefer to be Away from the body and At home with the Lord Wearing lip gloss is Literally all fun games Until the wind hits Being picky with The people I keep in my Life has done me well Kilts were invented By the Irish, the word Kilt Is in fact Danish? We cannot cure the World of sorrows, but we can Choose to live in joy I got enough time Tho I might surprise him with A plane ticket, lol In order to know Virtue, we must first acquaint We're with Vice An adult could yes A kid would go stir crazy More skiing today Why are my eyelids? Always so oily what the? Fuck is going on Even tho I look Like a burnt chicken nugget I still love myself Home the last resort Build a church in the city A place without fear Welcome to Indy I see great things happening For you and the team I have an early Morning and I'm exhausted I should go to bed Let me go ahead And memorize these notes, I Just finished writing I still can't believe This is happening to me I'm so beyond blessed Good morning, all have You prayed to our Lord and 'Savior Josh Gordon I got a question Why is there no black Friday? Sale for gasoline Neither we want a Kingdom, nor we want evil Power, we want peace Wow, I'm trying to Talk about my feelings and No one picks up, bet My husband, I feel Like breakfast me, I feel like Lunch, both order eggs I'm looking like a Snack today, all I'm doing Is going to work? There's a lot going On so far this week, wonder What to cover next? I honestly just Want to move to Africa? And call it a day Why bitches get on? Twitter and talk shit you was Just next to me, lol Happy Friday, friends It's a wonderful time to Be in marketing Not enough hours In the day with everything I need to get done I've dropped so many People out of my life, that Shit don't affect me Trust is a power Only curtain people can Obessitate and keep it I have a feeling About something something is Heavy on my heart How are you going? To trip out on someone then Ask them for money I'm here at Costco For gas and damn people are So fucking stupid This is the dumbest Tweet: I have ever seen get The fuck out of here Took me a minute To get here mentally, but I'm glad I made it Just listen to some Songs that motivate ur life Again or something Trying not to cry In public, it's one of the Hardest thing to do Open the door, get On the floor, everybody Walk the dinosaur! And I went outside To pull the garbage cans in And he locked me out Fix your attitude Before you come asking for Anything from me? Just watch National Geographic and one can See how bad it is I'm not projecting You literally said that He could eat your ass Corey and his wife Are separated, I've lost All my faith in love Admitted, get the heart And soul of the story out Then organize it I don't understand The concept of snapchat, why? Would u snapchat me? Gamer girl, Pee, but It's bottled by feminists Under forced labor I was so sleepy Driving home that car heat do Something to you, lol Stay grounded in the Promise, regardless of the Chaos around you Looking forward to The greatest summer of my Life, summer class, lol This is gonna be A long three hours I can Feel it already Good morning, happy Mother's Day, let me see A Picture of your mom So much hate inside Your heart we don't even know What we done to you? Whoever's with her? Back in, Ph, please take the Phone away from her Which is my biggest Lir, maybe it could be that I'm still loving you Really bad, bad tech Guys also reduce the host Time gets annoying Hashful pro choicers Are always not going to Find their way to God I must admit I'm A sucker for baby hairs And pretty toes, lol Replacing this tweet With your favourite meme, I Wanna see something? Someone said so they Just gonna give him free food For a day, I'm done Been out east ever Since I got off, I'm ready To be back up north Yeah, but being short Gives me easy access to Punch you in the gut My mom's always there To listen or to be the Shoulder to cry on I've been reminded Of why it's awesome to be On Twitter today I'm itching to buy Clothes, but I wanna save up To buy a new car Being that one guy Who has given all his luck? To the lucky guy I'm faded as fuck Do I drop a giant meme? Of a track tonight I told myself I Merge better, maybe one Day I'll get better It smells strongly of Maple syrup at the mall And I'm here for it I've decided, Kyle Korver looks like an eel and I can't move past it What remained of his? Guerillas spilled out of it Like fresh spaghetti I'm either drop dead Tired or I can't sleep there Is no in between? It's stupid hard to Calm my petty down, say a Little prayer for me I've watched to scary Movies two nights in a row And I can't function I'm sitting in this Parking lot, eating chicken Salad and crackers What you know about? Waking up everyday, like You on a mission? Makeup, haul and tell My dog that we're not eating For a week and chill Can my man reply? Faster because he's missing Out on all this ass Why am I missing? My short hair when I'm trying To grow out my hair My father loved to Metal detect too, I can See the fun in it Reply to this tweet With the most offensive thing Joke you can think of The moment you cheat For the sake of beauty, you Know you're an artist? I mean, the writings Been on the wall well before They voted for him If anyone needs Me I'll be crying about How fucked my life is? Happy Mother's Day To the moms who have little Angels in the sky I suck at making Decisions I'll pay someone To do it for me In Russia, it is illegal to tell kids that Gay people exist My biggest fear is Losing you, I'm just praying That I never do In it always you See the typo just as you Hit the tweet button No one says grizzly Bear is the antithesis Of distilled madness I'm about to start Using bare minimum and The bar is so low Never seen a bunch Of grown adults throwing salt On a player's name Aaron, burr you can Have any color you want? As long as it's black Okay, let me roll Some thick, so we visit the Heaven's for the day Are you afraid of? Losing whatever was born To lose sight of it Good morning, dreamer Hope you have a wonderful Day and lots of fun The drunk, Maria Party out there and I should Probably shut up All my boyfriends are So beautiful, God, I hope They had a good day For the Christian to Use the term sacrificial Love is redundant I wonder when the Universe will take me on A trip to London For those who believe There are no misfortunes, but Only tests of faith Fucking scary shit Going round pencil drawings? With a fine liner Can barely eat, can't Wait until I'm not sick, no More, I wanna eat If you're saying I Merge better, why can't you? Be better for me Listen, if you ain't Got a Valentine, don't sulk Around, treat yourself I'll have a constant Sex partner before I have A boyfriend again Please invite me n My brother to eat at hell's Kitchen, I beg you Magic gives you A Lots of choices, most of them Are bad, Holly Black Merry Christmas and A happy new year to you And your family I'm so happy, my Little sisters got phones now So I can text them Just gotta make it Through today, then tomorrow Is skate time baby? Rev, yes, Daddy, thank You sir, exactly what I'm Going to do, sir Someone can lend me On their phone number for A Yahoo email, please No, too much money Making a living through, I'll Health is beyond me Season long road trip Is over, can't wait to get Back to the fortress How did I manage? To follow three people who Don't even go here You'll never catch me Being nice to a single Soul ever again Bro, need any help? Don't afraid to ask, u know Me, I will help u De most dangerous Time during service, shall we? Bow down our heads Hey, buddy, don't just Assume you own the arm rest This is a red eye This Super Bowl would Be so much better if the Vikings were playing Success, money, wealth And investing is all I Want to talk about? Why are the fucking? Toyota's so fucking fast It's un fucking fair My eyes are never Intense unless you poke them Such a stupid word It's time to finish This debate once and for all Which one is better? I won't be streaming Today I'll you tomorrow With more halo reach You doing shit like? That is why I will never Totally trust you Waiting for you to Book a flight and a ticket Within the next week Uhh, gonna have to Write on the best title, but It's fitting, I guess Y'all be having so Much shit to say about me But never to me The sensation of Feeling nothing is something I truly cherish We're surrounded by Phones, technologies, is it? Really a good thing Are you trying to? Promend me by calling me A sniper somehow My girlfriend is big Hot the only thing bigger Is her attitude? Adam's I cringe when I watch sixteen candles now But I still watch it The question is, what? U do right after he did That ur reaction I keep having this Fear that rebirth is somehow Going to go wrong? To be honest, id Really love to see Pete and Pete again sometime I really do try To stay calm because I can Do some evil shit After all, it could Only cost you your life and You got that for free I have a feeling That we are going to see More nintendo switch I enjoy so much Pressing the shutter, but no Toward my face, lol You should follow me Back I've been waiting for so Long, I love you lots To all my puerto Rican family and friends Remember and vote Stop making me think About things I dint wanna Think about okay? You can always tell When a girl is trying to Get back with her ex Never be cheated God is forever on your Case no matter what? You're my jazz singer And I'm your cult leader, I Love you forever I hate waiting, but If it means waiting for you I'll wait forever I don't mind giving You everything, baby, just? Tell me what you want Please, if I never Hear the name urban again It'll be too soon The need for Haiku Much craziness in the world Snowflakes are crazy Your eyebrow, lady Will ruin your life faster Than any man could Holy shit, I'm so Sorry, hope you get justice Best wishes to you Got nothing better To do so I'm taking my Ass to bed, goodnight I just love knowing Who I can really trust in? A pool full of snakes Twitter, can you get? Us a new president soon Asking for a friend Go on, Vicky, that's My girl, great to see someone Enjoying their grub I'm going to cry lol, I have such amazing People in my life I remember when She was only a million They grow up so fast Anyone else get? To see the J Cole concert For free on Snapchat I feel so empty I give up, I really can't Do this anymore My day is going Downhill and it just started Not that long ago Trump getting support From Texas, discuss me, but What can I expect? Explain to your child That people are not always Who they say they are? This story would be So much better if he just Went along with it Trigger the fever Is so good, holy shit, I Can't get over it Never forget to Thanks God for another day Even on bad days This semester is Done and all of my final Assignments are done Take the little horse Out of the rain, darling U Just got elbow pain I'm allergic to Plums whenever I eat those I feel like dying Game off, I'm afraid Too wet and rain starting to Come down heavy now It was really just Sweat cause I was crossing Co Workers during lunch My husband and I Have some big changes coming Up I'm so nervous I'm either really Disturbanted or close to people There's no in between I just wanna be Enable to wear shorts and a Croft top already I just wanna stuff My face in vegan pizza And throw it all up Applesauce has such A weird consistency, why? Do I like this shit? Watching one of those B Disaster Movies dwayne Johnson is in it You ever want to? Strangle somebody but kiss Then at the same time They always tell you Don't run behind nobody Just call the police Can I get added? To the guest list tomorrow Asking for a friend What an amazing Story, thank you, sir, for this Slice of history It'll shrink or grow Each second depending on What is done to it? I wonder if I'm Doing something wrong or if? I'm just unlucky All some people do Is complain like damn, do you? Know how to have fun I'm gonna stick with Lonelyness, truth, beauty and A picture of you Now listen here, don't Get flustered by remarks like That just ignore them The universe flips Lights on and off, welcome to He'll welcome to hell Ducks, many, many Ducks, they were flying over Me'and quaking, lol Yea, I always have A hard time, especially when They got a fever Care about yourself First, before anyone else Can care about you? Seeing all of these Mustangs don't even make me Want one anymore? I wanna say all Caps, but I wanna wait til The end of the game I tell myself I'm For sure, going to class and That's like a big lie I'm making a thread Of all the questions I get Asked on a daily Never thought I'd see An English town with panty Lines, but here we are I really did the Shit yo favorite rapper Just talk about it How about you send? Me one for free because I'm A broke teenager Happy birthday, my Dear fellow elf, hope you have A wonderful day Went to sleep early Now I'm up looking stupid Won't do that again? And now his ego Is comparing himself to? Lincoln, I cannot Siri, please come to Life and murder me in my Sleep, I want to die He was asserting The imminent toupee, if You know what I mean? Submiting is such A pain, maybe I should just Stick to commenting I fucking hate how Bothered, I get by a dream But I can't help it Goodnight, I love u All time to start the second Half of senior year I only got paid And half my wage is going On new retainers A beautiful day Wasted in bed crying, what? A fucking surprise Who am I except? For the one with the fewest Lires and truest ties Will somebody tell? Me why she has pockets hang Out of her panties Being home alone For a week is going to Be fucking boring pushed my body to The limit this week morning Runs start tomorrow Maybe if I stop Being a closed off dumb fuck I will find love, lol Decided to start Cutting out coffee this week I'm already dead Brazilian blow out Or stop fucking with my hair And have it curly I always wake up So fucking early and have No one to talk to Sadie, pop sadie Pop, never stop lick my dick Like an ice cream pop I was prepared to Love you and never expect Anything of you? People that make time To see me no matter how Long we hanging out I was stupid to Think I could actually Get what I wanted I'm never going To get used to the feeling Of my heart dropping Do ya ever bring? Your pet up to a mirror And ur like that, you Sometimes I wonder If I'll be single for the Rest of my life, lol My toxic trait, I Expect too much and end up Breaking my own heart I'll be at Starbucks On Monday to watch all the Cyber Monday fights So I drafted Trey Burton, just for him to stand There every play I'll neva be in My feelings bout a female Shit, make u look weak The biggest mistake In life is being afraid Of making mistakes Get yo Ratty ass Extra extra push up, bra Off my snapchat fuck Also good morning I'm about to go to school And I wanna die Everyone's on the New post Malone mood, but I'm Still falling apart Tell me is being Dubious a profession or Are you just gifted? Just a reminder That Anna Brisbin exists And she is gorgeous Tell someone you love Today you never know when It'll be too late A customer bought Me a cake that's about all That's happened today The first person to Set out a boundary stone Or to make a mark Thought I had control Of my feelings, they always Seem to get involved An excellent book With a story that needed To be told, well done We said our last Admits, so let's just try to End it with a smile Thought I was going To accomplish a lot, but I got in the way Pars, hope you managed To get what you needed, Greg It was manic here Don't be afraid to Lose something that was never Yours to begin with I never felt like I wanted to see someone All day everyday Like my father won't Buy books for me because I Finish them too fast Love is not even Enough of a word to say How much I love this? What's the new season? Of ahs about everyone's Talking about it Y'all ever sad, but Have no reason to be sad Like, why am I sad? Holding a grudge is Like letting someone live in Your mental rent free Wait until it is Night before saying that it Has been a fine day I told Brittany She should title her reviews Jesus, take the reel Happy new year, I Hope this is your happiest Year yet beautiful Thanks everyone that Wished me a happy birthday Time for adult stuff So is Clay Helton? Getting fired before the End of the season Haskett, yeah, Darby Is the king of self control? When it comes to food There will always be A memory that will fill Our eyes with tears Let yourself be drawn By the stronger pull of that Which you truly love And not everyone Got the text yup he's about To purge the country Should file battery Charges against that woman This is outrageous Never switch up on People who have been with you Since the beginning Looks like a sammie Puppy, a cousin of one of My favorite breeds How can one person? Hate someone, but love them so Much at the same time Ready to build your Brand into your empire Let's work together Merry Christmas and Happy new year to you and Your family, Scott I forget how to Make a good conversation It's been a long time I'm really trying To get my life together And shit not working Is Brioche laced with? Cocaine or something you can Never have just one No, the system is Not broken, Felix should not Be able to vote Gonna lay in bed All day and watch the office And Rick and Morty Just curious, but Do u think music shows buy? Confetti in bulk I never thought I'd Be driving a ford lol, but I sure do love it People will love you And accept with everything You have in your past Dang, I really thought I had the winning ticket Back to the job hunt Not begging you to Stay because if you really Want to, you will stay My body hurts so Fucking bad, I almost died Going down my stairs Does Taylor need a? Nina for her cats, cause I'll Gladly do that job Hey, hey stop beating Around the bush and tell us What you want to do? Would be happy to Join you in that endeavour Sir, keep me informed Hearing rain tapping Against my window is my Type of stress relief? Older females will Stop responding soon as you Hit them with ya age It's feels so happy To be happy for someone Who is so happy? No matter what the People say I'm going to Love you anyways Wrong up early, but I'm drinking coffee in bed It's a win win, right? Happy birthday to Your little one, I hope you All enjoy this day I'm not striving for Perfection, I just want to Be happy is all I don't really watch Movie, so yeah, what are the? Genres of those books Do you fancy girls? You ask the real question is Do girls fancy me? Well, I'm certainly Not Olympian, if that's What you're implying? I wanna fucking See if fucking Twitter will Fucking, suspend me Today is the day Everything changes I'm so Ready and hopeful Getting rid of the Delusion makes us wiser By knowing the truth Nastles are sea green Violets are white sugar Is sweet and so on This man, baby, can't Break the habit of holding His baby bottle Reason to download Snapchat again also now Need to find a cat Gonna eat breakfast Take a shower, then head off To make a sponge cake My bus is almost Ten minutes late already Just let me go home Nothing will ruin Your life quite like opiates Slowly, but surely What can anyone? Do when life turns into A Giant waiting game McDonald's is run Better than our country Have you been lately? You don't follow me But here you are checking for My Twitter dumbass It's the only way To throw a party on the Last December day I still remember The very first day that you Ever talked to me? I can feel myself Getting sick, that's tragic, I Have so much to do The word pretty Refers to one race black race In South Africa I really hate when People stand right next to me And stare at my phone The City Council Would like to remind you that Failing cat is void I really am not A lady's man I don't know How people do it? People that cancel Plans after you've ironed A T shirt deserve to burn About to blow all The money I made today On Alan's gift, huh? Damn, I wanna look Like a snack this summer, but I keep eating them I saw the devil Time, what have I got myself? In to with this one The fall guy starring Lee majors with a theme song Sung by Lee Majors The way they designed Her is just incredible No pun intended Thus greater freedom Of choice, the uncertainty That the Chinese code I'm just ready to See my boyfriend enjoy each Other take pictures Is no better than The other asshole networks But it's all we got Holidays ain't the Same nomo, but I try to Make the best of it Can y'all reply to? This with pictures of Brian May it's for science Oh, my God today's Introduction, thank you so Much for being strong We'll welcome you to Real Madrid any time the? Sooner, the better Yeah, it's easier To interact on that end But I can't stand it I know it's over But I'll never stop telling Strangers about you I wanna smoke so Bad, but I can't wait until I get off papers My girl really should Be a role model to the Females in my past Will our heroes? Have the strength to be our Last line of defense So we're about to Watch a scary movie, sigh Sure, I'm gonna cry Your circle could be As tight as virgins, but how? Tight is y'all really? I wanna know what? Made you decide to commit? Such a heinous crime Been grinding all day All night lately, I swear this About to pay off Ur so pretty and Neft time, u say ur ugly I'm gonna whack u There are dumb people But there also people who Are way beyond that popped a molly now I'm feeling like Bernadine Waiting to exhale I expect Max to Catch up with Lewis before The end of the race It is Sunday, Plax Remember to recite the Cow before sunset This does not include Faking your location and Living in broward? I love having car Issues especially when it's Pouring rain outside And to you, Karen? We hope Norman is on the Mend, Merry Christmas Would Robert Mueller? S final report, sway your Vote in November Anyone else dream? About the end of the world Start of a new world Are you ready for? Your blessings are you ready? For your miracles Most likely not Fox Is still its own department? But Disney owns it Who else would rather? Be in bed watching the twins Than going to school I've been taking it Easy for far too long time To apply pressure Success is something You attract by the person You become Jim Rohn I always show this Strong, free, happy person, I Wish I was like that Hey, handsome, there is A few of us stick around We are needy too Outside of pep, he's A natural born asshole So that's different Why do new albums? Come out the day I forget My fucking headphones cosy spaces with People with a good sense of Fashion, take me there We were suppose to Start going to the gym, but We want fries instead It's so beautiful Out today and I'm fucking Sticked in a classroom Shit like this, really Pisses me off, stop acting [Dick] When you aren't The bill on civil Rights for non lizard people Has been defeated I miss my cancer Lots of building to do with Her when I come back Happy birthday to My best friend, my other half The love of my life I'm gonna end up Going to the gym twice in? One day, who am I? I still love myself Even though I look like a Burnt chicken, nugget It was a dismal Failure except to those who Cashed in the money All I care about This summer is getting tan And getting money Why is Shane Watson? Not in the Australian team Politics there too Like always been said One day people will demand What we lose today? We are leaving Las Vegas today I'm sad but I had so much fun The sound of someone Cutting kinetic sand is The best thing to me What do authors eat? For breakfast, synonym buns Seems like an oldie I wonder if guys Ever think about how much? A girl cares for them What are you drinking? Tacos, that's weird, but okay? We can run with that Oh, sorry you guys Can't hear it, it's connected To my hearing aid I think I'm going To go shopping tomorrow I need some new shit Spending the next two? Years traveling the world and I for real can't wait Funny quote of the Day you don't pay taxes, they Take taxes, Chris Rock You will never be Enable to find happiness If you don't move on These salads at work Been all I could eat lately And it's depressing Steven Adams is The king of getting away With offensive fouls Getting a warning? At Barton for calling your Mate Gay on Facebook You only miss me Because I'm doing better Than you expected Open this tweet for A secret message being Bi is exhausting I'm so grateful that I don't get period cramps God truly loves me Everything you want Is just outside your comfort? Zone Robert Allen I've said this before But speaking Japanese is So fun, I love it East side of Harlem Has a lot of restaurants I want to check out Languages she can Speak Korean English and Japanese, bom fact Sometimes you need to Run away just to see who Will come after you I don't give people Reality checks no time I let life do that Yes, vote Democrats Blue, listen to this great man The best president It's a quarter past midnight and I just put a Pie in the oven How is your costume? Racist and ugly, how do? You accomplish that? Girl confide in me You can tell me everything Don't you lie to me? I wonder how long I'm gonna keep putting off Finishing my sleeve OK, but like why? Is James Bay so sexy, right? Now, new hair, who this? Thankfully I live In the higher ground near the Mountain so it's safe Talking to my friend About how much of a great? [Grey] I would be Big things are gonna Happen this summer for me I'll make sure of it Stop talking about Your tiny cock no one wants To hear about it When someone tells me A song reminds them of me Is the best feeling? Working in this cold Ass weather is about to Start pissing me off I distance myself From you because I know that It's your happiness But, of course, human Beings, animals and plants But also crying I'm sorry for the Mess, I'll clean it up later When I'm numb again She told my momma They gonna attest me at My house or my job You real life crazy? If u get yourself back mad Over something old I'm the worry type And I don't play about not Responding your safe Got to be honest I prefer neither of Port Vale or Ryan Burge? The person running This account is honestly Living my dream life Today's a painful Reminds of why it can Only get brighter Why do people say? The alarm just went off when It really came on All my windows are Broken, but here I am still Standing on my feet Remember you can't? Push people away and want Then to stick around They all wanted to Try their luck at being a Star in Hollywood The scientists call This global warming, I think They are mistaken Don't cry over spilt Milk they say, but what about? Two milks in two min Marvel fans are A Disease that was an okay Trailer: Nothing more I think about A Lots of things, but I'm always Thinking about food? The happiness will Come when you are able to Make other happy Fuck this, I'm going Back to revising psych ya'll Are attacking me? Paying this man a Ton of money to suck on One side of the field Do women really? Need a reminder when to Take out a tampon Somebody ate my Pumpkin pecan cheesecake and I am out for blood My boyfriend and I Are the only weirdos that? Like his music, lol There are so many Esta websites, which one is The official one Success is getting What you want happiness is Wanting what you get? Uh, I just wanna Talk to whoever cuts the Bell peppers at blaze Gonna turn my read Receptions on just to let you Know I won't respond God Dammit, I'm in My feelings so much today And I don't know why The sausage breakfast Toaster from Sonic hits the Spot every time I should probably Nap before I go out, lol Or I won't make it It's like I'm living A bad dream, bad dream only You can wake me, yeah U ever just miss The fuck out of someone, U Feel it in your chest What is the amber? Alert, I'm so confused and Can't find anything Waking up next to The same person everyday Is so addicting? Nothing like being In your own negative thoughts On Valentine's Day Cutting down forests Is killing elephants some? Are starving to death? The only thing that's Been spooky this October Is my bank account? No, we want healthcare For everyone and we want You out of office? I'm sorry, sir, I Live in the suburbs now, I Don't fight anymore Are you open for? Commissions, I love your work And I'd pay for it What an amazing Early Christmas present time To get some sleep now Eagles can throw the Ball here now, will Peperson? Go for the dagger Girls should be able To get blackout drunk without Fear of being raped No matter what the Records are division games Will always be tough If you not trying To progress or be happy Stay away from me Hi, Marie Louise Was boy George on yesterday's? Show, have I missed it? This sort of explains Why Twitter exists, but not? How we're using it? I just need someone To ride around with me and Vibration to some music I want Barry Bee Benson to rip out my spine And use it as boots But y'all don't ever Do shit when kids are smoking Up in the restrooms Trust me to forget My charger, the day my phones Running out at work My football player [CLOCKleader] And band member Is so beautiful So I'm trying to Get lit, but I also have To do this homework I forgot that sac Is one of the most boring? Places to live, yikes I never claim spoiled But I'm definitely blessed And highly favored hoses, sock blossoms Nashyl peonies worn clean Taxed muzzle fatigue When Future said, just Spended ya college funds on my Bitch, I felt attacked Where do I apply? As a junior pastry chef From South Africa I was just thinking About this, then I turn my Head and there it is Ordered new glasses Eat a good lunch now, resting Pix, when they arrive On hold with Disney The music makes me wanna Be at Disneyland They are burning down Paris crazy, what the hell? Going on out there? Am I allowed to? Have eggnog because fuck it I'm drinking eggnog Alright, we're fixing The payment issues we'll keep You guys updated? When u about to? Play a song, then forget what? Song, you gonna play So David Beckham? Went to drink Cuban coffee At Versailles, a mood Sorry guys, too cold Tonight, but it should be good For tomorrow night Victory, now that This has been decided on Let the case begin Shelly was cashing Out because Donnie Orange Is a short timer? I think babies should Come out the womb knowing how To blow their noses Hello, my name is David Arquette, you killed my Judge, prepare to die Firo had produced Their debut mini album Welcome to the block Do you ever look? At someone and just think I'm So glad I met you People who make A Consistent effort to make Your day better are I really don't think He understands how truly Beautiful, he is Merry Christmas to Those who celebrate, keep warm On this lovely day Can someone call one? Of my exes and ask them If they still love me Understand that I Can love you to death never Speak to you again Jester Kiri, let Me see what you have, Kiri A knife, jester, no I've never been so Excited to walk across The United States If you become bi You can double your chances Of finding a mate I can't stop staring At this, they really look like Freddie and Mary Already have my Plans for the next semester Now to follow through Supposed to forget? About your mistakes, but not Forget about you God really has been Blogging me so much lately I'm just so happy I say you're perfect You start blushing, got all we? Need and so much more Everyone is sick And tired of you running? Your blowhole, Ana It kinda scares me How good I am at hiding? My true emotions [Fredian Slip Turns] Out their God is money and No one is surprised Gregory needs to Go back to smoking weed and Being off the field I really forgot How much cold weather puts me? Off leaving my house You always look like You're having fun even when You make a mistake Be like a postage Stamp, stick to it until you Get there, Bob Proctor The little girl in Me who loved fairytales died The day my mom did Merry Christmas, we Thank what you do For the Kingdom, peace People say I spell Horribly yet they misspell (Angry) Okay, then I'm going to wait Till halftime before I say Something I'll regret We're piloting an Exportable approach this year Details will follow Only Neil Hilborn Can make me cry by talking About his pet rat It took everything Inside of me to not scream At your funeral Random calls from the Right person just to hear a Miss you or love you Unless you just died I don't think you're having a Worse morning than me My mum is paying For my driving lessons, thanks Trace ur the best X Mao, it's so many Guava, my first Guava and I just can't stop now I hope the jaguars Beat the Patriots I want Then go all the way Why do people think? That whispering racist things Makes it less racist When you travel long? Distance to be with your babe And you get distant Never forget how The animation team played Our hearts like that I'm finally home From all my lectures Monday's Are the fucking worst? Is there anything? Better than the electric Going down at work I'll always love you And even when I hate you I always love you Thanks for pushing me Away you gave me the wings I needed to fly The longer you take To reply the more I don't Want to talk to you? That's it I'm buying That adidas slides and I'm Throwing my nike Y'all wanna be in Relationship so bad you Don't care who it is Not to be horny On main, but Adonis can Fist my pussy loose Ready to take this Sew in already bout to Buy some new bundles Good cuddle weather Except when you have, Mr Jumpy in the house Fair enough, I mean You guys used liberal as A negative term Rain in the city Is like taking a shower? With garbage water Why am I crying? Listening to Courtney talk About Andrew God I'd rather have this Money an my dogs with me Fuck being famous I'm always the one To check up on people, but No one checks on me Turn off camera Function linen, how do I? Block this camera [man] Portable when? It beats the mass of ammo And no moving parts I get ignored so Often I don't know why I Try to begin with You make it easy Is one of the sweetest love Songs I've ever heard Be taken off to Do well in all my classes But I want a job Someone help me with A workout plan in major Need of some guidance? Open this tweet for A secret message dogs are Better than people I pulled a muscle In my shoulder, so bad I Had to stop drawing Wow, I love waking Up in the middle of the Night on a school day I need somebody To hit my cash, app Peyton Birthday coming up Wow, it's midnight and I'm hungry just when I'm bout To sleep, nice timing I know she gonna Be fine with or without me But I won't make it I'm the happiest Girl in the entire world No doubt about it What I'm all about Is creating new ways of? Being in the world Damn, sometimes I feel Like I don't have enough time To learn everything Thank you for always Understanding what I want To love my brother I'm like a flower I need constant attention Or else I will die I always have to Mow my legs no matter the Frequency of sex? Sometimes I feel like Even vacuum cleaners are Louder than my car I don't really care What the picture is, bottom? Line, my life is saved Kenny made me cry Already damn Lynn's birthday Is starting off, right? He looks so super Rust and manly right now But in a good way Why would I ever? Tell my co worker I would Work for him today I cannot deal with People my age that still act Like dumb teenagers Nothin much better Than the smell of wet gravel And country music If you receive a Add on Snapchat with my name On it, that's not me Eli is convinced That Applebee's is where we Get Apple products Purchased the boxing Got confirmation and can't Watch what's going on Everything is so Funny to me, do not ask Me why I'm laughing Gonna be missing A quality day out with The boys tomorrow It's beyond tacky Just like the person in it Has it sold out yet? Everyone says you Merge better, but nothing Ever gets better? It's easy to say That, but we really don't know Where we're moving to? I've taken a nap Every single day since My summer started Wanna know what's sad? When your geo teacher tells U to get a life Damn Morgan Freeman Are we gonna have to get? Him outta here too Just kidding, maybe Things will be different in A few hundred years Thank you for sharing Some of your precious time to Follow me, God bless! Alright, Apple, please Make my messages go in Order again, thanks Dear God, send someone To give me a free ticket Concert of the script I just wanna meet Some new people and go on Some wild adventures I've been bleeding in Your silence, I feel safer In your violence This is very true After you do this, you live The best life ever Anyone else read? This in his London accent Not a Spanish one Feel like I'm taken For granted, sometimes it just Makes me wanna cry If you look deeply There's actually so much To be thankful for Stop making life so Complicated like there's no Easy way for it Most intellects do Not believe in God, but they Fear us, just the same This film is awesome And allows me to step back In my childhood It is not Christmas Christmas time I repeat it Is not Christmas time? So glad Snapchat does Not show how many times you View someone's story Nothing has ever Nor will ever make me cringe As hard as I do How does one study? For an exam that you can't Really study for Let's have a party By Wanda Jackson from loud Fast out of control You deserve to be Happy don't let anyone Make you forget that I was supposed to Be reading, but I took a Fat ass nap instead My Twitter theme is All over the place it's meant To be blue and pink Just really wanna Start again in a new place Where no one knows me? Can't believe u got A free horoscope for A Couple of years, too Same argument can Be made for flat rate income So maybe not, eh? A question, what is? The best translation of food Safety in Spanish Why are they going? To Nada with the game On the line like that Logical goes deeper Than any convention quine Truth by convention Looks like Major Ram Prasad Sharma is having A mid life crisis Being away from? Family, friends, most of the Time really gets old Who's singing, do they? Have youtube with videos? I wanna hear more Basically, I have Nowhere to go and all those Bullshit is bullshit The lies have started Leadership group just became Just Smith and Warner Don't let yesterday Take up too much of today Will Rogers via? See ya tomorrow Going to sleep now, hope to See romantic dreams I kept saying no Hom to a friend, but now I mean, yes, homo Having a girlfriend? To listen to Harry Styles Is not a bad thing I'm really happy About this and I get to See you tomorrow What happens when you? Put that same balloon next to A running faucet Got a feeling that This summer is about to Be the best one yet What is your email? Address as need to contact About a problem Use your ambition To tackle an old problem In a new fashion I just wanna be A good woman to you, that's All I want to be I'm trying to be A nicer person, it's hard But I am trying Gonna take a break For a little will be more Soon get the word out Okay, next time I'll Try to be different just To see how it goes Over here, you fools That was but an illusion I am your true foe Let him bark away And later, run with his tail Between his two legs I'll never forget My freshman year of college Good and bad reasons No practice, bitch we Active, I just dump my bitch Then dump my ashes I'm not the perfect Christian, I sin everyday But I love Jesus I wonder what it's Like to have someone like you For more than a month It feel weird having Someone to talk to about My really bad days Need a vacation? With my pups to get away From everyone here Capturing my limb Cuba pondered my princes Behind my gravel You're either making Excuses or making moves But you can't do both Alahallah hears you heart Intention before your lips Whisper your request Oh, really, I keep On hearing, the vibe is great But the food is trash I mean, listen, there's Only a hair's difference Between me and Tom I'm shaking so much I think my heart is gonna Jump out of my chest Blasphemy, stop it! Candy, corn is the candy Corn of all candies The gamers left and I'm so fucking happy, God B bless the broken road Think about you so Much real talk even with I'm Wit another man I regret beating The shit out of my brother He don't deserve that K, I don't wanna B in the house anymore But I'm so lazy I have to finish Up my Christmas shopping and I have no sitter I cannot tell who Is my friend I need distance? Between me and them Whenever I hear Of games that are older than Me, I just lose it Trying to go to Sleep early, but I just don't See that happening? That's it take credit But the credit is not due You come on, Muller What I'm just saying I'm probably better at Those things, anyway I'm sorry I'm a Little down at the moment Excuse me, babies Wishing a super Happy fat Tuesday to my Super fat father I need more farmers To follow on Twitter farm Posts make me happy More than anything Other in the entire world I need food right now Giving up I don't Understand why I just can't Get it together It takes an hour For a thought to travel from? His ass to his lips People forget that Little princesses grow up To be mighty queens I have tried alot And I will try again to Keep you beside me You are the reason I love this ain't about me It's all about you What date is our? Figure skater, compete I Really want to watch I'm waiting for bread Beans is ready, let me eat And block my anus We don't make music To make my friends listen to It we want y'all to If I ever loved U, I'll always love you, that's Just how I was raised Thanos did not clap Half the universe for this Kind of disrespect I can't stay focus Ya allah, it's distracting Me, Mama was right You left so many Piece of your puzzle behind I'm so mad at you I'm debating if I should make my Halloween Outfit or buy one The cartoon, Oswald Is so fucking racist I'm? Crying in anger Can you imagine? An Asian man pretending To be a vampire Somebody please buy Me a gingerbread house on The day of Christmas Such a melting pot On the corner, selling rock Predators pray to God You're very welcome Mistress, may I ask you what? Your off limits are This is the only Kind of opinion I want To hear from now on I have to buckle Up because I can see the Buffy roads ahead I hate getting close To people cause one day it Just all falls apart Hopefully this is The last weekend I'll have to Work for a long time I have never been Injected by my loved ones This much in my life I can't believe I'm Gonna find a wife when I Go to Nashville, wow Wish you a very Happy birthday, deepak hope You have a great year Send it up above The water light, the flare up Of the clueless youth I'm not gonna let You take those memories, I Made her a promise Make that move today U might never know where ur Helper will come from Well, just trying to Catch us, mate, not in London Tomorrow are you? Like a dream vision Paper fibers lay a haze Over all, seen things Alright, so we're here About to meet the baby Daddy, she's nervous My daughter just spat In my eye, pretty sure I'm gonna die now Honestly, dude, if You wanna know someone real? Good get on Twitter Plums bloom quietly Wet sunlight plays peacefully A sleepy evening Would you rather have? Bears like your computer or Be super published Had to delete that Other tweet because I meant Richard Thomas, ha The dogs make laundry Difficult when all they want To do is snuggle Stay positive and Remember it will all be Worth it in the end This is what happens When you invite children to The adults table My charging pad for My X better still come in On time tomorrow Wait, is my shortness? The reason why jokes always? Fly over my head Hello and welcome To my live stream of trying To straighten my hair People love crying On Twitter, fuck, we suppose To do wipe the screen Sacrament is missing Someone who's probably not Thinking about you? Cory wants a pic But I'll just have a baby With him if he asks I can shoot better Free throws w both hands Tried behind my back I really don't think I've been more irritated Than I am right now Odds on Henderson To lift the Champions League And World Cup trophy A short poem, do? Teachers understand that you Take other classes Anyone know how? To stop drinking so much wine Asking for a mate Meanwhile, Kevin is Doing his job as the best Player in the league I love you even More, I'll always be here for You no matter what? We're watching Santa Clause at work and I'm about To have emotions Did I really go? Out and buy a binder just For my photo cards I'm so thankful for My older sister, she knows How to calm me down? Fighting for a spot In someone's life is the last Thing I'll ever do Is it depressing? To eat pancakes alone, cos That's what I'm doing Reply to this tweet With your favorite picture From a festival Can work be over? I really want my after Work taco bell treat I'm always there when People need me even when They don't ask for it Be my peace, baby If you wanna leave, baby You can leave, baby I'm not expecting A package and people know Not to pop up so Why do I always? Forget the fact that Johnny Can speak Mandarin How do people go? To the gym so often it's So sick and twisted Thinking about the Future makes me wanna bust A happiness nut I'm tired being Lonely Lord Jesus, help me To find a good friend I'm starting to talk But I sound like I'm about To cry, but I'm not Don't have a fucking Kid, if you're not man enough To take care of it Crazy rich Asians Made me more emotional Than a star is born I don't wanna kick It I'm your crib, I wanna Go out and do shit Sometimes people see What they want to see because That is all they know Did someone hurt you? Wait here, I'll tell Rabi to Beat that person up Honestly, I would Rather chop a toe off than Cut my hair again Bring our boys back Home and focus on issues Here at home, Abbg And I'm so tired Of hearing abt Kylie cool She had a damn kid It does not matter How slowly you go as long? As you do not stop I'd like to refer Back to that tweet whenever What it is happens? Alright, goodnight, my Loves today was a good day For my mental health Can u believe I? Wah, up this morning thinking Nothing would happen Merry Christmas, hope You and your family had A wonderful day This time we're going Hitting to look for longer Distances to shoot Someone help me with A music project I've got Lyrics and vocals Folks kill me coming To the library, just to Talk to each other Alex Scott is A Queen and if you disagree You should be ashamed So I'm watching Sherk And I'm just now noticing There's a unicorn My heart begins to Beat as you stepped into this Sweet prison of mine I like Asian men Too all kinds of Asian white Yellow Brown, gimme No offense, but this Is the cutest shit I have? Ever fucking seen? I really think a puppy would make all of my Problems go away Nothing that matters Or that could be relevant To you, but I'm hurt If only I could Be honest and just say it Like this idiot With pain, we nourish Our souls to grow high it teaches us lessons Anyone else thinks? He looks like the bastard son Of David Mellor I don't understand How everyone gets mad at? Me at the same time Honestly, I don't Know what I'd do because it Has never happened How are people still? Wearing sweaters in this heat? I don't understand How likely is it? That she would perform woman On Saturday, though Why does anyone? Agree to be interviewed By Mehdi Hassan Knowing you have to Let certain things people go Be heavy sometimes Someone needs to stop Me from shoveling funeral Food in my pockets Sasha, the dog likes To eat pretzel and play with Enzo, all day long Low key, so happy That Justin and Selena Are back together? What's the disgusting? Affect people mainly black Eat chitterlings, lol I want Brandon to Take me back to the nola Just so I can eat Yes, I'm smiling, but Sometimes it's just me trying To be strong to life Oh, hello, lewd, muse Again, where were you hiding? The rest of the day It only takes one Mistake to bring us all down Don't let it be yours Rhubarb, I have it What recipe would you like? To see made with it Writer needs to find Marcus, a woman, alright? That is the mission I ask to borrow Something and everyone says No, lil mari why My baby's bottles And baby food jars are glass May I not bring these? It's honestly so Nice to be able to drive With the windows down I'm gonna go spend Time with my mom or something I'll be back later What you going to? Tell that desperate criminal Drug slinging, Grandma I am getting sad 'Sale, but where are you and? What are you doing? Somewhere someone is Looking for exactly what? You have to offer Too many people On here calls me Daddy Now Being hot is hard He's probably still In shock that oprah allowed Him out of the house Thanks, I'm just tired Of being sick or in pain And always in bed People don't even Use Twitter, so how would they? Know I had one lied I need a Christian Grey in my life, but minus All the crazy sex I feel you, sister Me too, being alive has A winning feeling As a new trader I was beginning to think This was too easy Someone knock me out Of existence, I can't cope I can't fucking cope I regret changing Rooms because no, I what my Parents having sex Open fridge, nothing Refrigerator: Nothing might as well Try the fridge again Editor's should not Be speaking in this manner You should be fired The title of my Life's movie would be how to Do yourself dirty My error, it's still High, you can follow this guy Instead, if you want Did someone tell me? About a surprise party Or did I dream that? Yes used to rewrite The sad endings all the time When I was a kid Never trust a girl With star tattoos on the hips Or behind the ear Happy birthday, my Guy, enjoy your day, sis more Life more everything Legit question what? Happens if you lose your top During an ice dance Get beside ya self And forget who was there when? Nobody else was David Wagner, thank You very much from all of US Liverpool fans Did I ever crossed? Your mind, maybe if I do I'm just a flicker Should I take people? Thinking I am a catfish As a compliment I just wanna know Who thought it was OK to? Give him that haircut I wanted to call An ambulance for the guy On the internet Falling in love with A star is just giving you Something to look at Everyone else is Enjoying life, their twenties I'm feeling so blue I suck at showing Affection to my friends, but I love y'all, I swear I'm exhausted and Looking forward to sleeping Very well tonight He arches his head Back in order to give him An excited smooch Happy to hear that She's improving, keeping you All in my thoughts, X Just a reminder In case you forgot God you're Such a piece of shit I think iPhones are Overrated, but they are So beautiful though Always, I saw it In theatre three times when It came out so, yeah Everytime I look At old pictures, I get so Sad, I miss my friends If someone got me This they'd probably engrave It fuck you, shithead I love being grown And able to buy drinks when? I go out now, lol If you guys ever Get a spam message from me Please notify me Some people only Depressed fi di attention Know the difference One of the greatest Life Guru is discipline Be its disciple Tell me, Wanderer About your adventures from? All the lands beyond When you only watch Batman, the Dark Knight, only To see the joker Will you hurry up? Don't tell me you fell asleep In that thing again My hair is very Soft today, just in case my Crush was wondering I cut my finger While cutting a lemon and It hurts so much, ah? Rereading texts old Conversations is one of The biggest mistakes Life is a making Mistakes, it's also about Trying to be great Even when I don't Do anything I'm treated? Like shit, lol, okay? Hey, Coach Kelly, what? In the hell are you doing? This is atrocious Merchant of Venice Except the usher forgot Where they were, Alas You gotta fight to Win when it comes to people U don't wanna lose Never use workplace Wi Fi, if you don't have a Signal, move around Again and again Please do not take everything For granted, human I plan on being Tired this weekend, so please Don't invite me out Even though I was Missing some people I had So much fun tonight Never give up on The slow grind, you never know Who's got eyes on you? I was gonna sit And do homework, but I have To go to class now No, sadly, I just Set money alight out the Backdoor at this rate I'm getting on so Well with my dad lately, I'm A happy lil bean Oh, no, hopefully It's not too serious of A problem, good luck Believe in yourself And others will begin to Believe in you too I'm all about big Goals and going after them And you should be to In your lowest point In life, find a quiet place And connect with God If Chamberlain scores I'll get his name tattooed on Me remember this The foreign coaches Are working while the English? Coaches are sleeping No, the message is Why do the rich receive most? All the benefits I was crushing limes At the bar yesterday, lol What was I thinking? I seen this happen At a bar in quip before I was so confused I will soon forget The colors of your eyes and You will forget mine What's Daddy say to? Baby Catsup Second Grade Joke stuck in my head Question: Do you pray? Before or after rough sex Asking for a friend I will boycott your Products for doing business With Sean Hannity I'm not paying for A website that's going to Be free to visit So hot, so desperate And weak, definitely the Best time to hit Send I'm gonna look so Good this semester, none of You hoes are ready I honestly don't Know how I keep losing weight? But I'm all for it Everyone we can Poop and Pee in Denver in Public on sidewalks I bought myself some Paints and I'm about to make Some good disasters No matter how hot It gets I'm always gonna Sleep with a blanket I don't make movies About my life, I live my Life like a movie Long as you, alright? Then me alright, your bumper Have the proper size Love traffic advice From a guy who operates A golf cart taxi Be strong enough to Let go wise enough to wait For what you deserve Even if hearts fell From the sky you'd never find Another like mine Sometimes you gotta Love people from a distance And do your own thing Trident used by sea Spirits you can use this to Hurl an opponent I promise, I swear To you, I'll be okay you're The love of my life Me and Josie Hung Out today, but really we Both just fell asleep I've had coffee twice Today and both times I have Spult it on myself What I accepted In the past is something I'll Never accept now He said sometimes I Just wake up and really crave A roast beef sandwich Day after day year After year don't you ever? Get sick of losing You never know if That became trending, I would Break a rib laughing People with a high Sex drive, actually look Younger than they are What's on the other? Side of your hat, I only Ever see the back? Everyone, please be Safe and don't nothing stupid That you will regret Remind that you Don't have to be an asshole To appear funny Some lady left her Vape in the dressing room at Ross, what do I do? I'm beyond upset And literally just had A mental breakdown My sister and niece Came to bother me at work Today I was pressed Do you ever just? Have a bad day then, sushi Makes it better same I've never been so Excited for wash day, my Hair is disgusting It's chilly evening A in the fireplace and Relaxing et vous My favourite thing To do is pretend I have My shit together Sorry, Mom, but I'm Gonna be the lit biscuit Tonight at dinner I think we really Are trying to be triggered? For my collection I hate hiding shit From myself drunk as hell now I can't find it fuck 'Everyone I live By only one rule and that's To be a good guy So many clothes, I Want to buy for Isla, but? So little money I guess drawing cloth Is a good practise, but wow? Is it difficult? Just a bright figure With a dark shadow going Down as does the sun Sorry for people Trying to join we're looking In this right now I'm gonna cry when Everybody comes back, Tan Strolls on my pale ass I have destroyed you A deadly shot from nowhere The Ghost Assassin When nobody else Would listen to me, I know I could talk to you If I've never owned A magazine, does that mean? I have no issues My son so scary I had to get us simple Shit for Halloween They better have some Grub at this event, cause I'm Not stopping for shit I'm just really not Wanting to be alive and? No one can stop me Prayerful for all to Get power back and to have Everything they need Listen, if you melt It is because you were not Cool enough, eat ice Just ordered myself Flowers for Valentine's Day Haters gonna hate If you posted this Because Willy signed it's the Greatest post ever It's crazy because I'm ready to take this pink Hair out already Is that a spider? Or a hole in my ceiling Tune in to find out Just imagine how Many people would kill just To get a ticket Alexa, what does? Dilly, dilly mean and how? Can I make it stop? I feel like flying Then I feel like frying then I feel like dying I'm rewatching how I met your mother and, oh? God, oh, God, I'm ted You see, I cannot Be forsaken because I'm Not the only one Es you cheated on? This country with Putin amp Cheated with Russi Roses are red black Bools suck I wanna die, but No one gives a fuck I'm so ready to See my mom and sister and Go shopping with them Just think about this For a moment I believe That God has a plan Never been on that Lame shit to post my business On the internet We build too many Walls and not enough bridges Sir, Issac Newton Ugh, I hate feeling Confirmed and you always do This to me, fucker People just have kids So they can use the strollers As a shopping cart Thanks for the follow Love the new video, hope You had a good day Wow, this colorful Brick really helped me better Understand my life The baby driver Soundcloud is the only thing Worth listening to I know your pussy I's busted now, but I'd still Put it in your ass My friends, Dan Tell Me they miss my mom's cooking Shit more than I do I honestly don't Know why I'm so amused by The word Hooligan What math equation? Will wanna one come up with? For their next album Happy birthday, I Hope your day is as special As you seem to be I just honestly Really want to call this girl Out, but I'm mature Really wanna go To Sam Houston, but I don't Know anyone there? That's one basic dab For Obama, one crunk, dime Piece for trap houses I'm a social work Major and still none of my Classes were canceled I'm really not in The mood for people to fuck My parties over Had a dream about You and you were doing bad It was sad to see I wanna be home In bed with a big blanket Getting a massage? I just wanna know How I'm going to sneak my Dogs into my dorm My love language is Roasting the fuck out of my Family and friends Breaking news, wenger To leave Arsenal at the End of the season Having my mom back Really opened my eyes to A whole bunch of shit I got a sunburn And I'm fucked now, Katya, but Also me right now Picking at her skin And making it worse is my Fucking middle name I'm really starting To question how stupid you? Really think I am Coull, hi just wanted To ask you if you wanna Join our project I'm not going to Be able to get this dog's Cries out of my head Do I talk highly? About it, it's just League of Legends, but with guns Or when you're trying To run away from something Someone you can't move I'm feeling kinda Depressed today, so I think I'll have a bed day I'm sitting in class And I look over and the Windows are open Give me more Russian Techno or I will be forced To ask you again Looking back, I don't Think I have ever been this Happy with my life I saw the shadows At the judgement, virtue rules Passion always grows You are beautiful Inside and out and you need To remember that? I'm helping my mom To revise her Japanese Lessons that's funny How to be funny? Say the exact thing, someone Has already said No matter how much You grow, people will always Find something to say We love each other Without hurting you guys, why? Do we bother you? We're taking down the Wallpaper in my bathroom And it just looks bad I need to renew My pet's license before they Come repo my cat Wish you could relate Wish upon a star fuck that Leave it up to fate I feel your whisper Across the sea, I keep you With me in my heart I miss being friends With certain people can't lie Hope y'all doing well God really moves in Mysterious ways, you just Gotta peep the signs How is your body? Even functioning if you're Not drinking wafer Wanted to buy this T shirt at cotton on, but It was out of stock hoses are chestnut Orchids are seashell sugar Is sweet and so on Really, you can't come In n out of people's lives When you feel like it Not gonna lie when I say that I always look Forward to this part Hi, happy Christmas And have an amazing new Year love, di and team Jasmine and I are Gonna ho around when the Warmer weather hits Someone h me, Shane Dawson's new series on Jake Paul comes out today No female wants A Guy, that's in every bitch Face or messages I'm a little drunk I think I'm gonna pass out Good night, everyone Like my status, I' You, too, are craving a slice Of midnight pizza One of the hardest Things to do, especially when They have everything Everyone has me Very concerned, abt movies I am full of fear It's getting harder And harder to function like A normal person I'm just trying to Piss off as many connor Fans as possible Gotta go pay my Insurance this morning, too I just wanna sleep Writing and sharing Your ideas won't let you Down by any means I'm just trying to Upgrade my phone, but I can't Even get a plus Yo, I need winter For a little while longer This is some bullshit I always try to Stay positive, but always End up negative Who's ready to have? The biggest roast dinner of The year tomorrow My sister and I Are so opposite she smokes? Whet and I drink, lol I got pregnant, but I don't even wanna think About what happened? Not going to lie I can't wait for Karma to Bite you in the arse I'm starting to think A bit different and that Ain't nothing but God Might just cover A Spanish song and release it On Valentine's Day You already know I'll be front and center when Mayday plays at warp So I keep drinking Water thus making me have To get up to Pee Mighty nice way to Start the day looking at you Sucker cock, Emma Thanks for the follow Can you enlighten me on? What a star child is? Scarlett says I look Act like chloe grace, moretz But I don't see it The sound was pretty Enough for others, but Still love to buy it Yeah, I'm going to Post videos from last night And I'm not sorry The jerseys with the Super Bowl patches sold out In a hot minute Griffin surprised me With tickets to Paris oui OuI baguette bitches Life changes the day You say enough is enough And truly mean it In order to feel Some what, OK, do you just? Focus on yourself Chappelle flashes a Cigarette right after the Truth ad perfection I just remembered The special way to get the Spirit out to play I fucking love that Movie that hoe scared me when I was younger, lol I made you loser Mona once and you know I Can do it again Treat my nina like My old hoe start acting up Then I'm dumping it We don't want any Vocalist messing up the Music: John Scofield Most people are there For you until you need'em To be there for you Ready for the days To cook for somebody, son Watch sports together Okay, I've been out Of bed for half an hour Can I go back now? Ah, sorry, I don't Want to make you late again? I'll see you again I have a special Place in my heart for people Who can make me laugh? Someone's comment on A very whitewashed image Wow, you are glowing My selfless heart is Going to get me somewhere? Some day I know it Honey, you should know That I could never ever Go on without you It started with A [Whisper] And that was when I Kissed her neon trees I'm looking forward To buying my ocean front Beach House in Kansas Can someone steal me? Spoil me then return me is That too much to ask It's crazy how just Being outside puts you in Such a better mood Deep groan tonight is Well, tonight is going be A long bloody night I was trying to Be positive with Wood, thanks Alot, Dave, good one Lexie and I are Always getting in trouble For being too loud Living life to the Fullest simply means living By the word of God Ever since I quit Smoking, I have been obsessed With sunflower seeds Can a civilized? Citizens learn and use A Gun, please, I need it I just wanna go On a late night, Walmart run With someone tonight 'Cause every night I lie in bed the brightest Colors fill my head Who said money don't? Bring me happiness, man, this Shit is amazing I will delete your Number and forget about You ain't no pressure It's so difficult When u can't tell if someone Likes u or hates u I'm thirsty for your Kisses, darling, I can't just Keep waiting for them I really have to Listen to what people's names Are when they tell me? Savage, I love an Outgoing wax tech girl, you? Better get in there I'm sniffing Clorox And listening to Justin Bieber, what a life? One of the soundest Genuine blokes you could meet Best wishes, David He really could have Let Mackenzie finish out The season, at least Rip Stephen Hawking The most inspiring man in The world of science Getting angry is Punishing yourself for the Mistakes of others I googled why my Armpit might be swollen and Now I'm fearing death My timeline is filled With Notre Dame right now and I fucking love it Never stop dreaming Life can go from zero to A hundred real quick Spin the bottle n Whoever it lands on has To pet a dog aye I forgot to take This nail polish off my nails And they look crazy Raymond Felton could Maybe use a little less Raymond Felton, though Shibata does not Win the rumble tonight, lost Track of time packing Everytime I play Music first song I play is Young dolph x major I'm happy for you Know that I am even if I can't understand Have a great weekend Everyone make sure you smile At least once a day Don't get loco if You can't handle the coco My mom is so dumb I will start going To the gym later on this Month, I'm excited Maybe someday you'll Be somewhere talking to me As if you knew me I just wanted to Make a burger and, of course, ' We're out of meat wow Be my peace, baby If you want beef baby, then? You can leave, baby One of the hardest Things to do is grabbing A Handful of popcorn Again why the fuck? Are people worried about? What you do like, bro? My sister's house is Fucking dope, it's crazy how Well, we get along Horoscope says we'd Be bad for each other, but The sex would be good Fear and loathing in Las Vegas, just awake and I'm going crazy I'm gonna look so Hot tomorrow night for nye Y'all are not ready Who else listens to? Sad songs at night, but happy Songs during the day This is the greatest Thing I've experienced on Twitter this quarter Happy Christmas Eve Sam, have a wonderful time With your family I need you, baby Thinking bout you lately, I Been going crazy Anywhere is fine If you don't wanna wait Then say old lovers Does anyone else? Just get mentally tired Or is it just me? Prayerd that you are Restoring and will be Totally well soon I have openings Contact me today to set Up your appointments Tell me two baseball Players, you confuse with each For no good reason I'm aware of some Crazy ass behavior and Baby, you got it Hitting the arches? Was the closest I ever? Want to get to this? Is there anywhere? In Cardiff that you can book Brunch on a Sunday So everyone got The Snapchat update today I got it last week I was moving too It was the little kid's fault They seen me coming Having a craving? Thinking you're gonna get it Then ending up not Well, after reading The responses we clearly Have a consensus Darryl, so nice, I Got to remember to thank Him for everything I'm banking on her To come Friday Thursday, if I dream hard enough Oh, producer San Can you help me change into? My costume today Yes, because we left The pace bowlers and spinners At home, you muppet I get over things So quickly and I just don't Care anymore, yikes Best unpaid agents In the game, look how many We got raises for Happy birthday, my VP, May the good Lord Grant? You many more years Please email if you Have any questions I won't? Be checking Twitter Wish I was standing In front of an oncoming Metro rain right now Sometimes you need to Risk your happiness to help Others be happy I have been away From theater for so long I've rusted and aged Showing love, get u Hate, but whenever you do Drough, u get the same Cadets, when is this? In effect, how do we do? This, how does it work? Now playing busta Remixes feat, Mariah Carey I know what you want Great acting, but sad To see Lauren and Abbie Go so tragically He needs to resign All together, not just from His leadership role I don't really like Coffee, but I drink it so My friends are happy Me n yo cousins Jug together, they bet not Get in my business Everyone I know Has been enjoying smash it's A beautiful thing My results are in And I don't even know if I wanna know, lol Made this decision For me and my daughter for The very damn best Okay, Yankees, it's Time to get Sevy some more Runs, let's go, Yankees I'm starting to think I have a sleep disorder I'm always sleepy Think I'm just gonna Order some Chinese food to Make me feel better Sometimes you gotta Eat tacos twice in a week Only sometimes tho Why do old people? Hurry my feelings the most, lol I'm a weak ass bitch Everytime I try To fly, I fall without my Wings, I feel so small Did he really just? Admit that Russia helped him Steal the election No cocky shit, but I ain't average, so don't Treat me like I am People who know how? You take your coffee, are so? Important, keep them She said father, God When I get to heaven, please Let me bring my man I love my cousin Even more now because she Works at McDonald's I'm so lucky to Have everyone who loves me In my life, thank you Will God allow me? To see Elton John before He retires, stay tuned Are you prepared for? All the weird shit I'm about To lay down on you 'Everyone I take A moment to thank Twitter For that mute button Good, giving good cops A bad name, prosecute them Fully damn liars I want someone who Sees my potential and helps Me build that shit up Right, I'm handing in My pixel art badge and gun In the morning, damn My brother just has To get in the shower, right? As I need in there Feed on truth until It becomes a part of your Core value system In a bizarre twist Instead of pardoning the Turkey, he boned it I'm meeting Farrah Today y'all best be ready For the spam later Debut, glow head on Then g I expect all the Nye selfies also Astrology is one Of the greatest musical Albums of all time This is honestly The most excited I've been In a while so cool I never meet you Before, but you be correct Guy, you try nice one And lucky for me I had her muted before I seen the right pic Can somebody bring? Me some Thomas Temple, I'll Love you forever The water is out At my crib and I really Need to take a dump Fat spiders can fuck Off only just woke up and My day is ruined When I tell people I work for eBay and they Ask me what I sell Sometimes I just want Someone to shut up and hear Me not just listen Staring in your eyes Telling you I want it ain't No shame in my game My power went out Can't wait until my mom to Tell me it's my fault My alarms are off Yet here I am watching the Sunrise yet again I learned that people Can easily forget that Others are human Liz is about to Have a nervous breakdown and I just it's a sneeze I'm tired all damn Day then I get into bed And I'm wide awake I have no money For coffee or to eat what? A blessed Saturday It was a shitty Mess a hot one I'm talking Bound with flies on it Rey, you you're afraid That you will never be as Strong as Darth Vader I'd forgotten what It feels like to have someone Give you butterflies My problem is that I care about people who Don't care about me Do you wonder how? Many directors are named James Francis Crotty Sunday, candy is Playing and I'm gonna cry Wow, I'm so happy 'Cause I wanna scream The way u scream, I wanna Blead the way u bleed Do you ever just? Want to be held by someone? For hours, cause same Our queen's winning Answer so much love and pride For the Philippines The first sentence of This tweet is giving me A Headache I can't read I know the parents Are having a harder time Than I am, but, ugh? Wow, I really wish There was men's hockey in the Olympics this year Remember and be glad For your reward is great in Heaven Jesus Christ I been waiting on You baby, all day you should Just come and pull up Gal, I wonder too Mostly, I wonder why you're So darn beautiful Gotta make the best Of my senior year, cause this Past year was not it Wanna have your voice? In my ears till Momma come And say it's too late I bought myself a Gift that I can't open till I get a new job Just wanted to watch Keeping up, but I got a Million things to do If you're not ready To sacrifice, then you're not Ready for success They are going to Hate on you now, but wanna Ride with you later I'm afraid, is it? Too much to ask can't figure Out a little bit Trying my best to Stay awake so that I'm not Wide awake tonight [Telter] Field fallout Won't the Super Bowl holy? Shit, that was insane I just really thought By this age I'd be able To clap off my lights I'm supposed to be Making the Christmas puddings But I can't get up I never thought I'd Ever say this, I'm tired Of shopping for tools I regret picking Up a shift today, I just Want to be outside? I'll never forgive Myself for not going to See Mac in concert I'm begging you to Come to Dallas, I'll be the First to buy tickets We are preparing For a bloody war, that is Why we are training? Wealthy people don't Pay taxes or wait online During black Friday Tired of giving People, my all and getting Nothing in return I really cannot Stand the warrior's rockets Won't win the series? Someone hit me up I need to find a party To go to tonight Used to hate coffee And now I canny get through A day without it That apple was hot As hell that represented Something ugly, man Cyprus is going To be the new Portugal And I'm not amused I'm not addicted To coffee, it's just when I See some, I need some Jake got a sunburn And over Snapchat, he looks Like a lil lobster I really need to Start being healthier I Always feel like shit My lil brother moved Back down here from Dallas, he Bout to act an ass God has a funny Way of making things work out For our own good Wait which frequency? Do you guys have your fm? Radios tuned to I don't even care About the cost I came here Just to break you off And if you're gonna Play the game I'm gonna put You in your place now Someone else can come And save me from myself, I Can't be who you are Rand, girl for last Minute Christmas shopping, ha Ha ha I hate this I have a counter Argument, Matt and Nick, stay In my bed tonight I'm too tired to Even cry, but I'm so sad So so sad it hurts I don't mind texting First, all the time it depends Who the person is? Can't believe I snap Chatted you yesterday, wish We could've kicked it When we love someone Really, there are no terms and Conditions at all Really am starting To hate Christmas, a little More every year How can someone tell? So many lies and never Feel bad about it I legit be deep Cleaning my room everyday Because I'm so bored Nice recruiters now [Strolling] Where I might appear So that we can meet I hate nothing more Than someone being late, no? Call no text, nothing Sleeping next to Bae And waking up next to them Is such a blessing? What's so funny, Paul? Was a top performance at? Goodison last night OK, Gary, just Threatened to drop me if I Play that duck alarm But he can remain The so called president of The United States Y'all wanna know what? I like more than life itself Malibu, that's what Good morning, I would Love for my tutor to not Show up today, thanks I don't suppose you Printed any shirts, did you? I'd proudly wear this 'Everyone I thank The man upstairs that I ain't You and you ain't me Give me my respect Or I'm taking it, that's the Only choice, big facts I colored you a Valentinine struggled just to Stay inside the lines There's a monster in My stomach cause I just can't Stop stuffing myself Why am I tearing? For Adele Live Concert in Royal Albert Hall Twitter is full of A bunch of damaged people Who just laugh it off? That is awesome hope You are enjoying the day Merry Christmas sage So many questions? To answer when making an Offer on a house Wonder what it's like For your parents to be proud Of you must be nice Bro, this is crazy I'm so fucking glad I don't Have work tomorrow Brilliant result for Bradley, well done to him, I Love the photos too Don't forget to give All glory to the most high For a brand new day Coming to college Has made me become even More open minded High school is over Time to get married, where is? The love of my life You don't deserve a Point of view if the only Thing you see is you I'm half tempted to Construct some crude tiny bed For him to sleep in I'd rather make A Mistake than think about not Making a mistake Getting my haircut? And braids today I'll be a New man, come midnight My Twitter feed is Telling me that all the good Men are in Texas Bitches be throwing [shots] Before you ever had? A problem with them Who are you taking? As your pistons, all star rep Drummond or Harris? This handle is used To help short people like me Get into big cars Look at a degree In an absurd amount of Tea sometimes, so I I'm going to fight My professor, if she does Not put my grades in I bought two tickets For backtrack tonight, but I'm Not goin who wants'em I've been trying to Hold it together, but I Miss my dad so much I'm writing to you From a distance like a pen Pal, but we been down Keeps telling me that Cats have infected my brains With parasites C You must keep engaged If you have a message and A story to tell It's Friday night and I've had a milky bar rock And as they say, roll Team with Ross Teeter Tim Duncan, Nick Young Caleb Barnes and Larry Bird Jared Kushner is A crook, just like his father And father in law Joseph asked me what? I'm making tonight, I don't Even know myself Good job, baby, so Proud of you for working hard My girl is so fast Easy bro, what if? She was your sister, would you? Talk to her like that I really want some Ice cream, somebody let's go On a ice cream date Sleeping with an ice Pack in my pillow case, let's See how this pans out Me too, sister, this Is just baffling to see? Someone so careless I wish my daughter Was a strange gothic creature We would get on more If ever you're in My arms again this time I'll Love you much better Pretending I'm so Good at it, but you'll never Know I'm doing it We don't argue bout Bitches at all we talk bout How we gonna eat? Taking a shower In burning hot water to Burn off the sickness Something I should do In the future, if we broke Up, but I hope not X, I'm sliding all Over my house, just y'all try To fucking, stop me I don't even have Any weed I'm having such? A terrible time You're my role model My savior never give up Girl, always with u Ever wanna check? Up on someone, but it's just Not yo place, no mo I don't understand How Ortega was standing? After that onslaught I'm sick I'm leaving Some of y'all in December Best of luck to ya Do not compromise You yourself, you are all you have Got Janis Joplin For words, my shipment Tracking says the album's will Be here tomorrow I'm a sucker for Oversized sweatshirts I need Warmness n comfort boye I believe that you're The only one that I can Love you in this life If you wanna date? Me, all you gotta do is Ask I'm'a say no I really want one Of them battery powered Fans for tomorrow I really want to Say something, but I know it Will upset someone I really hate this Place I really hate my job I just want to quit I would never tell Anyone that your voice is? My favorite song Wow, I wonder what? Happened to the Packers in? The last week or so Bro, my man deserves An award for putting up With my crazy ass Can't wait, wait to Be with all of the people I love next weekend I'm pretty nice, cool But you don't wanna see that Other side of me I just wanna see My boyfriend honestly is That to much to ask Would it be selfish? If I got us Knick's tickets For Valentine's Day How the fucking fuck? Do you expect me to sneak? Around and steal shit [Brendon] Uribe plays The piano backwards kids Weird flex, but OK? First thing I wanna Do when I'm better is go To burger lobster If she starts calling You with sweet names, my broda Run, I repeat run I was wondering If you were going for a Holiday spice pun And killing babies And selling their body parts Is just fine, Danny Can I ever just? Get some fucking happiness Jesus fucking Christ I pride myself on Being level headed and Open to new views I can't watch, siren Live, but I'm excited to See it when I can People come and go Sometimes you gotta say fuck It'and let it go Tell me who's gonna? Save me from myself when this Life is all I know I know nothing of This curious cat thing and I want to learn it All I'm saying is That Lauren really owns my Whole entire heart My Tuesday selfies Are extra for next week, but I'm proud of myself My mom handled it Surprisingly well now, I Have to tell my dad I have reason to Believe that this was argued Over for some time And another missed Call in the Cubs Brewers game You guys are useless Bad lip reading is A sign that we have drifted From the light of God Hi fellas, can you? Help me out with your scorers From Saturday, please My mom bought herself A hamster and I have to Go to pick him up The figure in gray Walked in the boulevard and The bandit snickered So no matter what? I'm leaving the cinema In tears good to know Slowly, but surely Getting my shit together And it feels so good Honestly, just feel Like I'm not good enough, no Matter what I do What kind of human? Being would do such a thing Death penalty, please Everytime I'm in A lobby with a kid, they? Call me a hacker Can he double up? As a keeper, is that why? He's so expensive Watching your cooking Show today, maybe one day I can cook like that Hour past her bed Time, but she finally sleep We had a late start Cryed like a baby Reading trans of Key's letter Please live happily I can feel people Looking at me, is that weird? Like why u looking I love going to Basketball football games, lol Any sport really? Not too drastic, just Petty stuff depending on What forum you're on? Why is Monday so? Far from Friday and Friday So close to Monday Even Steve Kerr is Talking about how he might Be the next Lebron I should really start Stretching before and after I lift heavy weights Got me wanting to Fly cross country to adopt One of those puppies I only tweet when I feel an overwhelming [Sensore of foreboding] Are you saying that? You want to have a duel? Using black magic The left is really Fighting hard today, it's like They're losing badly His slutty slutty Dubass is gonna catch these Slutty, slutty hands If you're not watching The Keith and Paddy picture Show your missing out I have to return My neighbour's iPhone charger But I don't want to Sorry, the person You are trying to reach No Longer gives a fuck Life gives chances to Everyone, we just have to Wait for our turn Our neighbors have To hate us after all this Screaming cats, baby Hello to all the Baby girls out there, I just Wanna tell u that? Bitches be taken On Snapchat, but be single As hell on Twitter One of my greatest Achievements this year, I Saw Harry Styles live Having a group chat? With some of y'all discussing Dope topics would be Like, how can someone? Possibly talk about beef Jerry for that long One assignment left To submit before midnight No time for clubbing Clothing store closes Tomorrow don't forget to Get your orders in Getting ready to Make far too many hot cross Buns for tomorrow I don't even know Why they thought I was coming? To work today, lol Would you be willing? To be in my student film Asking for a friend You never told me We were over, you just stopped Being my person So they are starting To see the light, sometimes it Takes a lot of light I just attempted To shave, it was an epic Fault, I want a wax We need passion and Compassion to be fruitful In the work of God Nobody knows the Feelings of despair sunken Deep into my heart I can't control how People react, but I can Control how I do I never thought in A million years I'd be on This type of mindset I really hope this Is true, but I'm afraid it's Just wishful thinking Lemme, remind ya I am a walking lick, but I am with the shits Just another day In paradise, hard to take But it's doable My mother said I've Becoming very stingy since I been pregnant, lol Repeat after me Don't get into someone's life And ruin their hearts This week is crawling By, but I've got two reviews Coming very soon I don't watch Marvel But I gotta see what the Hype is about man Sometimes you have to Respond to people by not Responding at all Lots of good people On Twitter getting in touch And being kind X A sigh of relief I'm finally putting the Calm to my own storm I'm gonna boss up One day and get myself a Pat McGrath Palette My spirit is low Today I can't seem to put My finger on why? Kylie Jenner won The Super Bowl so happy For her and Travis Never argue with Idol's coz, they'll drag you Down to their level You never brought me Flowers never helped me in My darkest hours It's really something I can never get used to I'm always in awe This weekend has been One of the best weekends I've Had in a long time The devil cannot Occupy the same space with The Holy Spirit It's like going on A magical journey through A world of pictures I want my future 'Property husband to be a Faithful man of God lol, when Harden does This y'all go off, Lemme, see That same energy Not that feminine And masculine, but I have Then both within me No matter how much Sex, you have masturbation Is always needed Life is crazy, I Know I complain a lot, but Wow, life's a blessing I never hold back On the battlefield, I give All and I take all People with no sense Of style, confuse me like why Why are u like this? I warned the angels In this setting, sleepers slip Chaos never falls I think I'm going To change my layout, I think I'm ready for that I know I'm gonna Be totally fine, it's just A matter of time Everytime I kiss My daughter, she smiles at me 'Truly a blessing I'm great at keeping Your secrets because I just Do not at all care Good morning, I am At peace with the universe But pissed at people We're listening to A French version of Lady Marmalade in French I should've eaten This morning my stomach is Feeling funny now Lead by example If you wish for others to Follow in your path It's so funny when People argue on trains first Thing in the morning I prefer this to Losing my life, it's not like It was for nothing A will is always Recomendable unless it is A hand crafted one I think it'd be Way way, Nifty, if you were To build a cabin Absolute shit when? You show someone support and They toss you aside Good grammar, tip you Really don't need any of Those quotation marks I've got a ticket To the moon I'll be leaving Here any day soon Chris Pine as Kronos Wonder Woman Flashbacks I Wish we had more time I'm a weirdo what The hell am I doing here? I don't belong here I've never done so Much college work in my life How am I not dead? Need my cowboys to Find a way to get Derby James, come on, Jerry Heard all the stories About this life, none of them For me, not that type It's because most of They have nothing to offer Except the body Can someone give me? A brief explanation on The meaning of life Happy birthday, I Hope you get some pussy love You bro no homo Culendo and Peak My haikus are fucking dope Tears return to soil I'm going to hack Your Twitter account and take All ur followers Wait, this is really Starting to look like bedrock Edition I'm scared Crazy how nothing? Is so fun as complaining? About the mayor That sad moment when You take your knife apart and See that it's broken I've eaten my whole Body weight in food lately And it's gotta stop Why send an army? After the wand, when it can Be hand delivered Arsenal fans still Crying today, God, that game Means so much to them I will be crying While playing this game, I can Already feel it You are the sweetest It was an honor to share A table with you Following the rules And doing what's right is not Always the same thing Remember the time? Me and Mantis hijacked A Metal gear good times Stay focused on your Own life, focus on your goals Believe in yourself It would only give The bitch more attention and Make Nicki look bad Be the reason why Someone clutches the Bible When they look at you It's never the end Of the world, even if it's The end of the world Yeah, listen to me Whoever pissed on the floor? At my job, fuck you Holy crap, I'm so Excited we're going to See this together I'm not a social Person I honestly like Being to myself Ugh, just about made My train, I should probably Read emails better Hate staying up late Because I get hungry and It's to late to eat I feel sorry for James Harden, he needs to go To a better team Y'all have to agree Marion looks so bomb in Her new profile pic It's exactly what Google and Apple do for Third party browsers We all deserve to Be happy we all deserve To be ourselves Memes about women Not being able to drive Are always funny Breeland is making A visit, maybe they should Bring in Reid as well I'm having trouble Closing with the fact that ten Exists in real life I really want an iPad and then I'll just get Rid of my laptop? To a certain point But then that would open the Biggest can of worms I'm staying single Until I let myself fall In love once again Ben Simmons drives me Crazy, can this dude ever? Just take a jump shot Today would be a Good day for Kavanaugh to Release his records How am I supposed? To study when it is hot As balls in my dorm Let's get Obama On the witness stand, so we Can hear him stammer I'm soo tired, but I promised Bae I'd stay up So I can see him I really fucking Love that dude man, Juju Smith Is the fucking goat? Would you rather die? For your family or let Your family die Eating chicken and? [Waffles] Pay me or pay me No attention, lol Do you think Lynn? B Johnson was expecting A scene such as this I call my mother For every little thing God bless this woman It's crazy when you Expect certain people to Up on you they don't I received a call Back from the hospital for A job interview Where are the fucking? Eyelashes, where did they go? To hell, probably National Sports Day Turns to eat, sleep, repeat day Routine for me, lol Somebody give me New music options, besides Country and new rap My coworkers are Asking me about my drug Habits, what the hell? Being self employed Is all fun and games until? You have a tooth ache People makes mistakes If you say you're over it Be over it, Jeez Do you guys really? Believe everything you see On the internet I thought you wanted To date the alter, Mash why? Are you running now? I honestly just Need to stop being a brat And trust the process Life is not about Staying stuck on yesterday? Accept move forward I am waiting for The great wonderful success In your second film Who gossips to you? Will gossip about you keep? Your eyes open B I deserve some wine 'Cause I finished my paper I'm proud of myself Sorry for your loss David, that's a lovely frame I'm sure he'd love it Quiet before the Storm feet up on the sofa Before a night shift Hi, you seem perfect For our show, would you like? To join our cast Vernon wears a shirt With Nebraska on it, me King of the Midwest I can hear, Mama Saying Cassandra, I said Stop it already I'm really about To punch a fucking person I'm so fucking mad It is finals week I just want some hot coffee Let me just go home So whatever you're Dreaming of enjoy dreaming About it, really What is the proper? Way for toilet paper to Rest on the holder Huh, it only took Half an hour to get to The end of the line Take some advice from Laura, loomer, get your head Out of the swamp, rot Went into the store Without shutting my car off Feels like a Monday Go figure it out But don't stop moving so my Love, keep on running If I could only Eat broccoli for the rest Of my life, I would I will even ask You a few questions before? I sign off, let's see My next tattoo will Be hell, yeah, on my knuckles Will the typeface be? I don't mind mornings It's the time between coffee And wine I don't like Going for loose balls? And taking the ball away From the other team Now that Halloween Is over, it's time to get Ready for Christmas? Waking up before? Sunrise kinda sucks cause I Have nothing to do Accept yourself and You will find it easier To accept others Bro, I just finished Breaking bad again, what the? Fuck, do I do now? My writer, really Needs to stop talking like I Can't fucking hear it Why is my sister? Listening to tattooed heart? I feel offended How wonderful to? Be alive, he thought, but why? Does it always hurt? The fingerprint thing Is convenient, but I feel So dumb doing it Baby Mouse popping Head around a door, peek a boo, I wandered back Sometimes you have to Go through the worst in order To get to the best Hope you all enjoy This beautiful super bowl Sunday, love you all How to nicely say? To your family you don't Feel like going home Are you alright do? You want to talk about it? I'm here, talk to me Old white ladies are The rudest fucking people To walk the planet I really want to Sing something, but Mommy is Sleeping again, sigh Me blasting dally At God knows what hour, my Mom, you better stop Fucking Kuzma, you? Bum, I love breaking even Said no one ever I don't wanna let Momma down, I just wanna Make my momma proud Liverpool needs to Hurry up and lose before The takes get too hot Why they all looking? Like they just want Kenya to Shut the hell up, tho God's timing is not Only better than mine, but The best of all time Hopefully I get cuffed By someone other than the Police this summer I often think I'd Be better suited to the Life of a house cat Kinda wanna nap? Kinda need to finish a Paper and study Both either try to Keep it game related, but Ya know, whatever? Dutton, awesome, I I'm going to miss hearing That catchy jingle Chake the treasures I have given you just as I treasure you, God I'm fucking insane But my intentions are gold And my heart is pure Sometimes I push you Away because I need you To pull me closer I abstain, I knew What I wanted for Christmas Now it is too late I'm new to Twitter And I need someone to teach Me how to fit in I wonder how Rick Astley is doing, I hope He had a good day There's a good reason Why the pledge says liberty? And justice for all How do people eat? Sushi, it's just bland as hell And slimy weirdos Watch this video Of her amazing journey In the industry But take my kindness For granted, I'll cut you off Have you running back? Sorry, I answered So quickly, but if you asked Me again, I'd say Hate people who fall In line to regular ways Of living thinking Just went under the Little Sieve, can you figure? This expression out Snowstorm is coming In Chicago, please pray for A snow day for me The Malcolm Jenkins Visit to the White House is Going to be lit I woke up today Feeling this is going to Be one long ass day Want a under the? Table job side, hustle to Make extra money What are they going? To do with all those paddles When they fire fleck Funny seeing all These people headlining there Own events and nights Stop offering teams Not really trying to grind Cod at the moment This is the greatest Picture in the world and you All need to see it Just wrapped my iPad Before so, I'm kinda hyped About this new game Josh Hart better be Starting on Saturday or Otherwise, Luke gotta go Do you ever think? About the beginners guide And get all fucked up I honestly think Jeff is gonna kill himself Tonight in that cell Depression is like Falling into a black hole Deeper and deeper You only give time To people who matter to You remember that? What is sleep, maybe? Sleep deprivation will kill Me plus lots of booze I really hoard my Money y'all I do not like Handing it over I'm gonna need to Buy some legit hats for my Bald head this winter Happy birthday to My lil psych, Buddie, I hope You have the best day Me going shopping Alone is dangerous now My bank balance is But then again, they Don't need money, it is I Who needs the money? Maybe I'm not good At this yoga thing because I can't win at it You could never do What I do, boy, still ducking Shit that I did, boy All jokes aside, I'm Tired of being treated Like a fucking joke The snow was pretty And all until Dad made me Go feed cows in it A baby's first bath Is a beautiful site to? See, it melts my heart I will fold myself In a ball to keep warm In this ice prison Who needs a fucking? Heart if they are going to Break it anyway I ain't about to Tweet any names but some of Then be out here, lol I dirty faced him With no problem, no gun drawn No need to rob him My parent's gossips A lot, maybe that's why I Have ears for gossip I gave myself a Huge cause nobody would show Me love Gucci, mane Sometimes you have to Take that leap, whatever that Spike is go for it Back home, everyone Time for a lovely bath and Then some la la land Do you ever just? Listen to a song and you Can feel the music Thank you to our Friends and family, you came Out to support both People always see Me smile, but little did they? Know I'm dead inside I'm getting closer And closer everyday, man Catch me winning soon I wish Timmy would Stop watching basketball and Give me attention I see nothing wrong With going to parties and Clubs with your s o This week is going To be the best week ever I can just feel it Somebody must have Put too much sugar in his Coffee this morning Put yourself in an Environment where you know You're going to grow I'm really looking Forward to this, I played it At Pax and had fun Can you imagine? If that thread talking about? Top gun or cali If you thought wooden Tables were nice, wait until You see more of them? For many cities They are unaware how much Water they have left Dan really is so Lucky he gets to see Phil Whenever he wants Always cherish the Moments you never know when It will be the last I don't date dating Is pointless, I hang and chill I hate the word date Cook Hi Tim Apple Store gave me a stolen phone Really, I am shocked Closer because I Want to be really buff, but? Right now, I'm a twig We'll be holding on Forever and we'll only Be making it right This is the dumbest Thread, I've ever read I tried To give it a chance My manager asked Me how I'm doing better If you sent me home I don't like tagging Him in every thing, just Seems too annoying Jack is going to End up like Mitchell Musso Remember this tweet? I knew tonight would Be the best night to uncork My bottle of wine The closer it gets To taking my lab final The sicker I feel Ever just wanna? Snip your head into a wall No, yeah, me neither You are a disgrace If you put a pedophile On the Supreme Court It's only a few People I can trust with my Secrets and money Women really need To do a road test yearly Worst drivers ever I'm better at call Of duty than my boyfriend And it makes him mad Getting on fye fye This weekend ain't no other Way for it to go I hate pretending I don't care when really it's Killing me inside Culendo and Peak My haikus are fucking dope The end of all things If he can't even Do the basic things you got A long way to go All I wanna know Is can play your position And fill the bag up We are taught about Ah, within the first few weeks Of recruit training Excuse me while I Binge the dangerous woman Diaries all day Are women horney? Er at Christmas or New Year's Eve just wondering Be kind and gentle With yourself in every New moment of life I was trying to Make you happy in a time I was the saddest Taco Bell has fries Now I know what I'm having For lunch tomorrow In alignment with Where I am supposed to be And I can feel it Today is the last Day of classes for seniors Finish strong falcons How do girls follow? Lads around on a night out And think it's OK Well, Lowry, sorry Ass gets another quarter To redeem himself And I hope someone's Gonna take me home somewhere I can rest my soul Because he's got such A clean record he can call Everyone else out I want Shawn tickets So bad, but is he really? Worth all that money I just wanna be Rich enough to buy all the Books I wanna read No other friendship Compares to the kind you have With people you love Ugh, looking for a Job is hard and annoying They keep saying no Happy birthday to My favorite prom date and Who is now famous? I know I'm super Late to the party, I'm A Hamilton Stan now Shit pisses me off Especially when he do the Shit during the week How dare anyone? Refers to Parma Ham as Swine such disrespect Picked up a coffee From Denny's because I got Two tests tomorrow People who feel good About themselves, try to see The good in others Why do people feel? The need to steal my fucking Clothes I am fuming I would totally Take a train to my office If one came near me Great night, beautiful Morning and a extra check Always a good vibe Having to get up Out the comfortable bed To turn the light off Such a creepy fuck He should be arrested just Based on these photos Thank you just trying To make the internet suck A little less lol I'm lying on my Side and I'm wondering when Will it all collapse? Graduate high school Before you try and talk shit To a grown man, son Happy birthday, you Bad bitch, sweetheart excited To see you this week I keep dry sobbing Nothing is coming out, I Want it to hit me? My mom said happy Birthday to my first lovely Daughter, she's extra It's so beautiful Outside I'm happy it's like This for Mardi Gras It tears me apart To sacrifice it all but I'm forced to let go I gotta have sweet Heat and Cajun sparkle when I eat my popeyes One day they're going To call a holding on the Patriots one day No matter how good You are to people, it won't Make them good to you So happy for you And your family prayers for Your neighbors in CA Knowledge is nothing Unless it is applied then It becomes wisdom Are you gonna bark? All day, little doggie or Are you gonna bite? Which positions match? The different size cups in Costa and Starbucks This is me because I think everything's funny With my goofy ass Alexa called me Aliyah, last night, so the Tea is they're single Love your dom adore Your dom, but expect it back In equal measure Not if we invest In water from air machines That can help us all I really love when Someone tell me his secret As he trust in me Human beings will Do anything to get what? They want even kill Frustrating is such A weird word when u really Think about it, O Can they also have? A cat or something I want To see them with cats I hate people who Make me feel bad about the Decisions I make The Olympics are Nice, but we can live without It and save money Mishra, I can say Only one thing I love, U Will u marry me? This picture is so Intense, see the way he's Holding her left hand I really can't stop Listening to dinner, ugh? I love it so much Last night in Utah For a minute, gosh, I am Gonna miss this place Wanted to tweet this For a long time already Thanks for saving me A simple question I want you guys to answer Rogue or assassin? I hope Daniel feels Better so he can enjoy His Christmas present I gave myself a Tattoo because I was bored Why am I like this? There are levels of Empathy I'll never reach This is one of them Why are they making? It so hard for themselves, I Do not understand Other cheap bloody Beggars h't beggar sluts Stop disturbing me I'm so tired of Burgundy, but I don't know What colors to try? My breakfast today Coffee and half a package Of girl scout cookies Just score the second Early and put me out of My misery, please I'm just going to Disaster this problem, maybe It will go away I never go that School, but I was the water Boy, lol, I'm in love The Guardians of The Galaxy soundtracks will Always be bangers [Simoes] I read your Interview: Yes, he needs good Help for depression How am I supposed? To work out with music when I just wanna dance Maybe if I show Bobby, this hell day, yes to Moving to Texas? Hanging with my son He's so filled with happiness And love all the time Heh, the blue hedgehog Proceeded on not really Taking a shortcut? My boyfriend is so Fucking talented God took His time on this one People can't speak up For themselves only when it's Convenient for them You may forget me But the memories themselves Will always exist People pop all that Shit in their car until you Hop out on their ass Careful so deeply About the wrong people will Really mess you up Can't be with someone Who is over friendly with? The opposite sex Just wanted you to Know I love you and always Got your back, okay? The students from my Future college seem so nice I hope I fit in Kinda wish I was Out celebrating, but still Got school tomorrow You know you're upset When you vent to a random Gas station cashier It's funny how when I see certain people how Fast, my mood changes Thank taxpayers who Pay for fire fighters to Protect your mansion You're stranded on A Desert Island you can have One game, what is it? Never mind that when Are we all going to be? Enable to watch it I wanna take some Pictures tomorrow, but my Face is ugly, ugh I wanna thank the Lord for allowing me to Have tomorrow off Anyways, I'm still Making this so we can talk About the weather I still can't believe My mom told my sister to Stop being a poor I'm not in Bristol And it's not Monday, so what's? The point of today Wiggle wiggle, Hi My name is Ginger Tofu Let's be warriors The force awakens Why designers should always Pay their interns by They never said that Love is a twisted game and No one ever wins It appears you can Rule random with perceptions But never with plans I turned into a Tourist attraction when my Relatives saw me It's so wonderful To hold hands with a feeling Of love between you Him, lemme, see yo Phone me, we been doing good Man, let's watch TV Prepare to hear me Remark about my thumb all Night it's how I cope Gone from our sight But never from our hearts Rest in peace, brother I never trusted None of y'all because I was Worried about death? Everyone does that To me, I just wanted to Do once to someone This is Florida Lady, lol, my house about As flat as they come Barkley is going To become a Jack Rodwell Wherever he goes Alrighty, that was Fun now, time to focus on This career again For anyone that Can see through the illusions It's easy to see Should I stop loving? Him, why did he ever try? To stop hating me Remember the look? Monica gave Bill something Looks familiar here I only got time For money, I hardly have Time for family One day they're going To get married to someone They love I'm happy The true horror here Is Christa making me choose? There are so many Unless you put some Real ass effort to have me In your life I'm done Yet again, I missed My sister's wedding because I just suck like that My problem is, I Give my all to people who Take me for granted Sometimes I gotta Just listen to recordings Of my own voice, lol Just how many votes Did the Republican crooks? Manage to suppress Michael Jackson was One of the greatest artist In the industry I don't mind cleaning Or washing, I feel like I'm Supposed to do that? What happened to the? Burger show I loved watching That on a Thursday I wanna feel safe Tonight I'm insecure what? A strange feeling, C If someone wants to Surprise me at my job I'd Love you forever I'm still going to Give all my money away To them anyways Now the question is Did you see the Koko wa? Greenwood spoof of it You ever get so? Stoned you only shave one leg Or is it just me? I can't believe I'm Moving across the country But I'm excited Also, thank you to Everyone for the free shots My liver loves you Jim Mason would've Gone out and voted today What are y'all doing? I really want to Watch love, Simon also want To buy the book, too Can someone send me? Suggestions of what to make For dinner, thank you Nothing is better Than watching a good movie At a peaceful night Sometimes I think I'm Dub, but then I remember My friends are dumber The back up dancer That was wearing a fanny Pack is everything Are something super? [Battleky] On my first day Of work doing good Thank you for being Such a sweetheart today, I Love you so so much It's crazy how I'm Single, but sleep under this Man, every night All around the world Like an orphan on his own Will you ever change? You are amazing Thanks for taking the time to Interact with us If you workout, do Not stop, it's way harder to Get back into it March May June July And August might as well gone Head and hang it up Sitting on the dark Reading Twitter on my phone Like a cave man, ugh? Time is going too Fast got new projects coming Soon, pay attention I can't sleep knowing I'll cram alot of projects In school tomorrow He takes forever Makes me wonder, probably Won't even show up When it's raining, I Have zero urge to go out And do anything There is low hanging Fruit, but you can only pick It off the tree once Cannon, I whittle That list down every year Bro, better watch out Homemade pie and beer Welcome to married life on A Friday, people Giving someone the Benefit of the doubt can Really mess you up This is going to Be your year so dust yourself Off and get started I'm so sorry, sis This is really sad, I hope You will heal in time By your own efforts Waken yourself, watch yourself And live joyfully You deserve someone Who will not be ashamed to? Show you to people Look in the mirror Think what am I missing, see? What is different? Junior leaders here Are words of wisdom read it? Put it to practice Saw you on Jedi Council, so I followed you Simple as that, lol After my ex showed Me how easy it was, lol Guess it grew on me Listening to Lost In Japan by Shawn Mendes And wow, I'm in love Juju said, Hey guys This is what you are suppose To do to the Browns I miss live music I need a concert, so so Bad, I'm suffering We get to practice Outside on the field for the First time tomorrow Dreams if they're any Good are always a little Bit crazy, Ray Charles Can y'all believe I'm? Going to meet my best friend At the end of June You wanna be friends? Now, okay, let's put my fake Face on and pretend This dude said rehab Is for quitters and I've been [Laughing Ever Since] Humans are so mad About tourists coming in For the eclipse, lol Maxwell and there's A Religion that includes all Humans, then I'm down We never really Grow up, we only learn how To act in public Holy shit, it's your Birthday, happy birthday wow I love you, oh, man Baby, I just need A little space, a little Break from you today I need new people To listen to expand my Music if you will I hate people, bro Like, if I'm not bothering U leave me alone Nope got no response Sounds like everyone is hung Over from last night Question: How many? Episodes are there and are They all out at once I'm dying, so you Won't have to worry about Long term commitment Lax is always A Zoo, but today feels like they Opened the cages Martin Tyler has Platories of Duncan Castles On his bedroom wall How are we going? To sign up for beta is Beta phone only Even if you have All the cups you will never Be well remembered I've said it before And I'll say it again, your Voice really travels I'm getting verbal Affection in my group chats cos Of this shit, keeper At our first date I would take u to somewhere Quiet and kill you lol, I've never seen Someone miss a dunk as much As Nick Richards does I believe that I Can overcome it one day But I'm just tired Don't ever hang up In my face, I'll really hurt Yo feelings my G Neuer, you can call You're sultan, but we are Going to next round? Happy New Year, May God, fulfill all your wishes In the coming year Nods as I pretend To walk away before you Head to the kitchen Alrighty, I'm two Payments away from paying Off my credit card Hello, ladies and Gentlemen, the rumors are True, I broke my phone You ever notice? How people act based on the? People they're around I'm just sayin'you Could do better tell me have You heard that lately? I gotta tell this Story man from earlier Today I was pissed That man from England That speaks fluent Japanese Is pretty funny? Trump saw the latest Fire fury sales figures His head exploded I'll always be here To help you the bearer of An untold story The day Ashton will Call me Darling will be the Day of my death, lol I can go fishing I'm more powerful than you Supple baby wipes Who you are around? Helps to determine where you Are going to go? Have a wonderful Day, my baby girl, we still Miss you in Europe I wonder how much Money the dry cleaners find In pockets each year My little brother Keeps calling me fatty, thanks Self esteem killer Sharing water is Okay, but sharing milk is Just wrong and dirty Tried to be social And positive, but now I'm Just fucking annoyed I really want a Supper plate, but they again I want a burger Heh, my parents don't Even know what Twitter is So fresh, creative All I wanna know Now why do so many lewd? Accounts follow this I really want a Hand tattoo, but I think my Family would scream I'm like V horny But like Horny for a hug Y'know what I mean Facebook is active Today for girls writing shit About their fellas Our pleasure, Grace We love this feature and your Spin on it, thank you I gotta get more Lesbian friends, I vibe with Then bitches better I just wanna know If I'm gonna get treated On Valentine's Day I was acting No Better than Mah attempting To control mortals I'm gonna to bed I really hope the boys don't Tweet when I'm asleep To right, you deserve A title fight, mate, hope you Get it, you'll do well I can't believe this Girl really not bout to let Me see my own son I also love that He looked like he was tearing Up when she said this Manos is a saint Always love seeing, really Good people around I'm scared I'm gonna Get suspended like Lex for Posting that edit I think I'm gonna Take this weekend to Wallow In my depression I'm buying myself Some fucking chipotle, I Fucking deserve it This thing is getting One sided, I can't even Lire to you right now I just wanna go Home and cuddle up in A Ball and cry, k bye I need someone to Explain last night's episode Of Westworld to me My son is gonna Make Elliot Rodger look Like a fucking joke I can't believe it Stan Lee, one of the greatest If not the greatest I gave it Jakob Dylan, but I don't know if He knew it was me I swear I'm goofy Or retarded either way I make myself laugh He wanted me to Write a guitar song and that Was it just guitar? Baby, you can go Or you can stay, I wanna Love you either way No one respects him Enough to tell him he has To stick to his shoe My grandma won't stop [Laughing At Me] Because I Died my hair in gray Funny quote of the Day make crime pay become a Lawyer Will Rogers I'm not making my Nice for saving pictures of This public event How about you, stick? Up for the lady and not Hide like a sissy Searching for a new? Car, I insist on calling Silver Dolphin Grey I'm really in the Exam room for three solid Hours today, huh? I match energies So you go ahead, decide How you're gonna act? When are you going? To perform a concert in Me shit la, I mean So someone sent me? A card with sweet words asper Christmas came early Thank you for coming It was a pleasure to have Students in the room I sometimes laugh and Ask myself, how do I pull? The stunts that I do Laying in bed with Just boxers on, I feel like I am in the clouds I promise I will Not put in more effort than What I am given Hello, I'm hoping To be more active, so less See how it goes, P Ever done this with? Take the pain of cleaning it Makes you want to cry Playing with fire Is better than miracle And always will be Avoid sitting in The same position for long Periods of time Every day holds A new challenge, try not to Fuck it up today I want glasses and Finally, look good for once In my life to u Further monsters live In closets and underneath Your bed in the dark I hate going to The bank, especially when I Have to go inside I love these hours Of the night, so much silence So much clarity Hey, Mayfield lost sec Is the championship game? Theme and I miss u Music and graphics Design are the reason I Wake up everyday When two people are Meaned for each other nothing Can keep them apart This world was never Meaned for one as beautiful As you, we love you Everything seems to Go better for me when I Don't speak about it Is somebody just? Going to show me something? Different for once I'm sorry, but black Men are the most beautiful Men on this planet People say what they Wanna say that's why I do? What I wanna do? Thanks for another Awesome year, my daughters and I tracked you all day An excellent book Just picked up the sequel and Can't wait to dig in Maybe someday I'll Meet someone that looks at me And says forever Looking at photos On my phone of my little Poppy, I am blessed Xi takes center stage To defend China's trade from Trump, barrage via Okay, what the hell? Is happening and who's ass? Do I need to kick? First, my father been My mother, all I want is To just get away If only you know What I have to fucking go Through every day Does anyone live? In southern Tennessee and Want to get dinner? Hey, Kevin, are you? Of Polish descent, if so Do you speak Polish? Get yourself on the Right track, let somebody ride Your back for a while I know it's only Tuesday, but I feel like this Week is going bad I just wanna buy A really big bowl of fruit And eat it right now I just wanna know What he eating with his head? All the way up there Mama, life had just Beginning, but now I've gone and Throw it all away Sometimes you have to Forget about style worry About the results There is only one [Woman] You want to be with? I'm not her, you said Love, mercy, peace and Graveness will follow you all The days of your life I'm always proving Myself, I am not like these Bozo ass females Chanel was so bad I can't even express how Terrible, it was The lady asked what? I wanted naught for Christmas What should I ask for? Very thankful for The ability to breathe Out of both nostrils I am struggling  badly with figuring out The compass system The car repair place Detailed my car for me these People are so nice The next time someone Wanders into the realm of Darkness, I'll be here You gotta put in Some time for this, I almost Lost my mind for this Really wants me to Go to Pa tomorrow, might Just consider it Hell, yeah, never let Then have another minute Of peace in public I want something real If you ain't about that then Please leave me alone Wonder how many? Times a day shorty lurk my Ish for no reason? I still can't believe Y'all doubled my followers When I was Tyler Direct message me After you order the books Thanks again, Harry How could anyone? Support this president, I So agree with you I feel like eating A good ass burger, five guys Is calling my name? That awesome moment When you find a free wifi? In public places Learning to love the Space between where I am and Where I wish to be The way I'm getting Better at calling myself Out on my bullshit How could you forget? Pool patrol, Paula, she was The worst of them all I've been listening To the same song on repeat Since yesterday, help Heading to the gym? Thinking about how bad I Want a gym partner? Aubrey, be talking To me one minute and be Sleep the very next I'm going to lose My fucking mind I can't take This shit anymore Why would anyone? Be stupid enough to go There to begin with Now ducking back out Again, I need to find the Ang pao packets, D I'm going to stude The most dangerous subject In the universe I just wanna go Back to sleep, but kay wanna Crawl all over me They explain it so Much better than I do, but I love that concept Why does luggage cost? More than the actual price Of my return flights I need that poster Of Gilmore floating in the Air patting that ball There's no use trying To exist when all we are Is breathing corpses? Gotta get my mind Off everything and focus On this semester I ain't saying I Beat the devil, but I drank His beer for nothing Tracking shot of my Wedding exactly one month And one day ago I legit just had A dream where I was searching And searching for you The correct term is Old Grant Bungalows They may Or may not be grand Wanna get jacked up? On some mountain dew nah, I Want a blunt, Billy? From one Texan to Another thank you for your Service and follow I can't remember The last time my diet was This horrible lol Ya'll, I finished a Book today I'm on a roll No one can stop me I hate studying And studying hates me so Better not study Ready to get this? Test over with so I can Enjoy my weekend Some lady, try to Tell me how awful I was For having pit bulls That's enough Twitter Tonight I shall continue Crying in the dark It's a reason why People are the way they are Remember that shit? Happy birthday to My crush, when are you coming? To South Africa I just wanna leave Everything behind me and Go far far away When ya grandma here? U walk in the house, talkin' Bout yo I'm starving You ever get so? Mad, you just start deleting Stuff for no reason You're not above them If you could convince people To start my trek to My wisdom teeth, r Coming in and let me tell U, it's the worst pain Ur my downfall, my Muse if anything happens I swear I'll tear down Are you gonna tell? Us or are you gonna be? Part of the problem If you ever want To join me, baby, I'll be Dancing in the dark I don't trust Justin I feel like he's playing with Mary Jane's feelings Ugly moon richie Could lock me in a bathroom And I would thank him Me and my husband Are going tomorrow for? Our Christmas date If anyone would Like to attempt to make my Mood better, feel free I don't doubt people Have told you this before, but Damn, you're beautiful If you don't even Try to follow your dream then You a little bitch No, Nicole, you can't Eat a bowl of Halloween Candy for dinner Congrats on getting On that cage warrior's card Your rise continues So how's the quitter? Doing in his role leading Golden State tonight Perfect iced coffee Weather we are having in New England Today My niece is wearing Her kitty outfit I bought Her and I'm in love My famous quote of All times, bring it on, butter Boy, yes, I said boy Gosh, my body is Failing me right now, fever At an all time high This is exactly What we expected them to? Do nothing new here Hello, my name is Orphan, you stole my trouble Prepare to be scared Wherever two or? More are gathered in his name He is there also Don't ever take Da Downtown train, police always Pull dat bitch over You have the power To influence all with whom? You come in contact Happy new year for All the world, my family My fans, my lovers Me and my roommates Decided we'll go to the Gym, rather than X Hi, you are very Pretty and sexy, I love You and your movies I don't wanna be Smart on text anymore Can you just love me? Dreaming after all Is a form of planning type? Yes, if you agree Honestly, I still Can't get over the pizzas I bought my savings I'm getting tired Of traveling and this is Just the beginning If Paul Ryan starts One more standing ovation And I will lose it Damn, Rizzo hit that Too hard for Bryant to score Pick us up, Willy I strive to always Be able to spoil my girl And make her happy Nice drawings, but why? Did your teacher use comic? Santo to type the test No worries, Nash, just Continue tagging I want To ruffle his hair Relative life in Twitter people come and go Just like followers I feel good knowing That no one will ever love You like I love you Steven, I told you I can't hang out today, I Have tennis practice Can't explain this, U The only one for me can't Lose, u can't help it At Cobra watching Some Mexican dudes wrestle I need to go home I've had enough I'm Getting out to the city? The big big city My brother got A Tattoo on his arm and now I really want one Said to my mother For close to an hour, Lord I miss this lady Excuse me, was you? Saying something, uh, uh, you Can't tell me nothing Nothing but pennies In my pocket, nothing but Faith to keep me warm Gotta love a chick That's sweet sour, a feisty Chick comes in handy Thank you, my gorgeous Friends, Ms Cherokee and have An awesome Sunday The killers of wolves Should all be eaten slowly By their own cattle That's an urban myth We want to be noticed for How awesome we are Tell me why, really So hard, really so hard to Be a good person It's really crazy How family will cross you? Before a stranger Opening up means Stressing others and I don't Want to stress others? I never know what To do with myself when I'm Not on a damn job Trying to find new Music is hard when all the New music is trash I rather be hard To love than easy to leave You should believe me Call your listeners Potato heads in the theme Of couch potatoes Okay, but the fuck Do you forget to mention? You have a girlfriend And then she orders She's a god damn Chinese Without me again As a prophet, we Need to start in London but I need real money Work hard, stay humble Stay loyal, smile often and Always be thankful And sometimes you may Even have to let them go To respect yourself Aye, I found myself A personal trainer, it's Over for you, hoes Don't waste another Sunset on someone who will Be gone by sunrise Michael, high off that Shit again, I hope buddy Don't get a piss test Older men who are Skinny and expressive voice Please hire me first Okay, I'm hooked on (Wraps) And I'm just finishing The first episode Stop, drop and selfie The Mother's Day edition What are you up to? She's the most cutest Human ever, she knows how To make any smile Ma'am, I'm going to Have to ask you to refrain From being this loud I need someone to Travel the world and listen To Frank Ocean with Is there anyone? More aggy than airport staff In the early am I'm just offended There are so many small dicks Attending this school? I'm falling apart Inside, do you really care? If I live or die I'm scared to listen To fake love again because It was that goo d I just wanna know You better know you better Know you better now Should've hit the gym Before work too, but I'll make Up for it later I'm gonna take A Nice hot ass, shower and burn Away my sadness I suppose it will Be any good book store, I'll Be looking for it Good choices in the Winter time, shitty choices In the summer time Celia, Marie, why? Is that such a hard concept? For people to grasp I'm really glad that The term friends and family Is gender neutral? If I'm distant, it's Because I hate myself not Because I hate you I refuse to eat Any of that shit, besides? Owens and peppers I'm sorry to hear That I hope you explained it To your son as well Why people do not? Understand that I could eat After I just ate I just remembered I'm working tomorrow night And I want to die Everytime I had To convince myself because No one really cares Is Simon talking? Currently, or is my stream? Late or whatever This weekend and next Weekend are going to be Fun, I can feel it It's crazy, Audrey Is easily the best team In the sec right now First, Easter Shindig With my sister's and the kids Let's see how we do Dev Patel is so Beautiful, I hope he is Doing really well I just kinda do My thing, why would anyone? Wanna fuck with that? Hassan, we are one Of the nation, which always Preak, but do nothing Ready to be seen At this hospital and then Go ion, have good You called a woman And a singer picked up the Rest is history I'm falling behind On my work, Lemme finish This damn apartment Why is it always? The good songs that are only Like a minute long I'm staying in the Whole day and I better be Fine by tomorrow No matter what mood I'm in this album always Hits the fucking spot I have a little Spare time, perhaps I'll study Up just a bit more I love romantic Music to the bearer of An untold story So annoyed that I Have a blister on my toe Running battle scars This just in Dunkin' Never gives you enough, Hash Brown's in an order I never meant to Start a war, I just wanted You to let me in Remember you're too? Old to be teaching someone How to fuck with you? My allergies are Trying to kill me before I get to meet you Every smile you Fake every claim you stake I'll be watching you I question my life Choices if I'm already At the beach drinking Doing good, my friend Getting ready to head home For the holidays Sunday grooves are no Longer fun because y'all are Trying too hard now Which occasion would? You like to see more products For comment below I'm gonna get home From work and play dishonored All night, t b h Sometimes it's hard to Be a cold hearted, but there's No other option Y'all remember that Time Gaea had her baby Shower me neither If you're the only One fighting for it to work It will never work I need someone to Take care of me, legit can't Do it by myself Oh, don't worry, that's Just what my parents always Tell me ha ha ha Me, I don't wanna Work today, maybe I'll call In my car payment I love not knowing What's going on, lol, I love Being out the mix Aaron Maxwell and Luke Barger, barger for the Win by decision Let me discover All of your colors, if you Love me, let me know Spring time is almost Here, no, Harold Davidson Riding mowers yet Michael Buffer, lil Jon and Criss Angel, that's a Lot of firepower Women who swear have Got a chip on their shoulder Mostly caused by men This has gotta be The strangest storyline of The season so far Miller Carter is The most overrated place I've ever eaten The Internet is The greatest free market then Why end it asshole? I never seen that Original tweet till now And it annoys me What's better than A? Having a migraine when you Have to take finals Can't wait for this Week to be over, how is? It only Tuesday Know the difference Between loving a person And being in love But I'm making fun Of you lovingly, you know I like you a lot What the actual? Fuck, is this supposed to mean? Remove your account Why is Monday so? Far from Friday and Friday So near to Monday Please do yourself a Favor and listen to love Of my life by Queen Wait, am I really? About to get published twice As an undergrad Now listening to The greatest French feminist Anthem of all times In technical terms This is known as being A Litig sack of shit A little concerned About lying under oath? And going to jail? This is what happen When I leave my wife alone With the gardener More health insurance Companies should be sued for Lack of coverage Beyond fuming me N Ainsley, don't have tickets For you, me at six Anyone out there? Who thinks a quiet place is? A little bit short I'm ready to start Being about the heat Instead of the cold People who hate me For no reason, ur boosting My ego, so thanks They're gonna perform Fly on, tour, I suddenly Have a will to live Shorty got that white Man, wit good credit and she Don't know how to act Taking someone's cat? Is technically rape cause? That's stealing, Pussy Gonna go to bed And fall asleep trying to Catch up on blend's But not anymore Because his beautiful wife Is finally there? Be around people Who make you forget about? The bad parts of life Hi, Andrew, thanks for Your service and sacrifice For our country I've never been so Tired before I need these Three weeks to go by Testing and writing Essays all day today, I Can't even focus This palette looks so Beautiful, I can't wait to Get my hands on it Teaching my nana How to use her new iPhone? Is a special skill Today Harry starts Tour again and I can't wait To see him on stage All Laker fans have A love hate relationship With Julius Randle Haters gonna hate Until they get to, you don't Let them get to u Emma Sunshine is A horse loving person and The love of my life Sleep in on Sunday Because this girl has to work On Saturday's, too My son has hiccups And it's the cutest thing to Watch my belly twitch I only have two Options right now and I don't Like either of them Pretty girls need to Stop saying they're ugly get Outta here, bro bye Why do they always? Fuck so hard in movies that Really bothers me He answers the door In a t shirt, boxers and Sundances, hey, babe B remember when? Dying your hair with Kool Aid Was the biggest trend I am so annoyed With myself someone help me Get it together Winter is coming And so is my second goth Phase I can feel it How much money will? You personally make off Of this senator I just remembered There's another toy story To come out, oh damn Honestly, I could Watch all of the fly movies And be satisfied Goodnight, my heart is Happy I love my friends, U All deserve the world I received the file But I could not open it Please send it again What better way to? Have a feeling it's about To preach tomorrow Alright, I'm logging Off Twitter before I make More spelling errors I hate crowds, Tyler Tells his doctor I hate board Games, I hate TV Someone run me a YouTube channel to watch for The next few minutes Seeing people do? Absolute nonsense in the Gym gets on my nerves I'm rewatching Grey's And, ugh, it's impossible Not to love Denny You're a parent, but Everything comes before your Child girl, I can not Is your love enough? Cus we need this announcement? For woman like me Rain, I just wanted To say that, I understand Your name on here, lol The Patriots are No longer the Patriots Their reign is over Good nobody likes You know, anyways, God knows About after that? Off topic, but what? Did you think about the pink? Diamond face reveal Excuse me, why do? I keep getting colds close to Every full moon Surely my break in Life's bullshit is due sooner Rather than later This early start is Brought to you by Geness Land of confusion When I get married My husband, I will do a Lot of traveling How weird are people? That snapchat you then ignore You when you reply? We often try to Correct people before we Connect with people Now, bitches like this Who you rocking with this who? I'm rocking with A When tomorrow is Payroll, which means I can buy Some concert tickets Cry, sleep after that Wake up and fix everything It's just a bad day I liked the Celtics Until this series, they got Too many weapons He wins because he Has a top rated defense Year in and year out My baby at home Slaying herself for when I See her later on I almost got in A fucking car accident Holy shit, thank God Damn, I'm debating On whether I should go out And cop this rollie Be sure you finish Strong, the battle is over But the war treads on Too much emotion Can be addicting same goes For the lack of it Invest your time to Better your attitude, you Wear it everyday The movie was dubbed But I guess this drawing, but In Halloween style It's not even the Troll, who bothers me, it's you? People who feed him The way Tony calls Peter, kid, wow can you hear? My heart shattering Do u wanna come? To Christmas dinner next week Asking for a friend Without God, you can Do nothing with God there is Nothing you can't do My tongue is sour From the hunger of missing You milk and honey? Plus Gordon's Mayfair Vodoy, navy, rum and pimm's If the sun is out People love to start Arguments right before or Around Christmas time Someone teach me how To look cute in photos, I Always look so bad I'm very sad that I have class tomorrow and Spring break is over Did the unit boys? And girls already practice For final or what? I really don't know Where you are looking, but I See a ton of them There is an Austin Powers themed pop up, bar in Glendale, holy fuck Me and Kenzie at A late start this morning, but Good morning, Twitter I mean, it's only An addition, if you want To stop redacted I always stop them Really simple, just try to Break a player's leg Nobody wants to Talk to me, but everyone Wants to walk with me If you don't allow You'll cry, you'll never Be able to smile This bryce dixon dude Is gonna catch his one in? Two weeks, I promise I really need to Change who I associate With now it's crazy Maybe Berglund would Play harder if he was an Accounting by day Shopping during the Holidays is awful, please Give me patience, Lord Bro edwin called me Love at the M G before And I lost my shit So we just gonna Stare at each other all night From across the floor Who am I kidding? I'll have some beer tomorrow Just to do something I'm just so thankful You all have such wonderful People in your lives My patient looks like Larry from Parks and Rec and I'm gonna crack up You are listening To I wanna be with you? Tonight, Johnny, right? Enable to kick field Goals, low guaranteed money Great locker room guy Try taking a nap While listening to jazz, you Can thank me later It starts raining and All of a sudden people Forget how to drive These females will do Anything to prevent you? From being happy Please stop asking me If I have freckles down there I'm calling the cops I just wanna say Sorry for my snap story Tonight in advance Trying to workout And maintain natural hair Hardest thing ever Man, I almost slipped Today, but God got me it's Not that serious Second chances don't Always exist so make A Good first impression That cough really did Soer it lol, we try our Best over here, lol When I was younger Noel fielding would have been Just my cup of tea I'm gonna finish Later I have to get to Go to the doctors Waking up to the Smell of breakfast is a great Way to start your day Hi Jason, it's nice To hear something relaxing Thank you for sharing He will never will Be able to know how much I really love him I wear my weirdness Proudly, if it were a flag I'd wave it, Taylor I just wanna go On an adventure, but no One is ever down Liverpool will not Just be fine, Liverpool will Be fucking flying I fucking knew it I knew the Patriots would Sign James Harrison Maybe sick as a Dog today, but still gonna Make it a good day Okay, don't tell me That ugly ass venom shit Gone be the new meme No words can explain How lucky I am to have You all in my life Happy New Year, y'all Wishing you and everyone Health and happiness I will never make Excuses for my actions It is what it is Other than ever With our paid subscription For another week Is I need money? An emotion because that's All I ever feel High praises to the Maker of these pants, they fit Perfectly thank you We're too distracted Humans will be extinct in The distant future I might hate being Cold, but I also love it When I'm having fun Damn, not giving a Fuck was so much easier When I was smoking I love you even The things I don't like about You, I somehow love Lost myself so long Ago now I'm scrambling To find her again Sworn trying to not Let shit get inside your head Is the hardest thing? I should be working On my fucking drawing, why? Am I on Twitter? Carissa called me A bio project and I've Never laughed so hard My favorite thing About Sunday's are cuddling With Heidi all day I wonder when they're Gonna start rolling up the Afraid leftist mobs Septic eye, really Wish I could have donated So proud of you guys I don't understand Why everybody hates to? Songs I be liking Everything I do Is all because of you would? You come back to me Watch your favorite Feather, video and treat You're to the fun Let's buy a pizza Bounce some music and eat in The bed of a truck Larry Kudlow says He will travel to China To get a trade deal I'm just needing a Lot of affirmation and I'm getting like none I'm waiting you to Say hello first, don't tell me You're doing the same Do you have super? Powers, I really think you Do I need answers? I'm not a drinker 'More, lol, I need more Juice less alcohol I've been waiting all Week for tomorrow, just so I can see Jacob I honestly don't Care if people can see what? I like up here, lol Today, me and my Friends put on different shoes Just because why not? My car got broken In for the second time Within a year, fuck That's exactly what I was going to say that's An oldie, for sure I'm the main lauren Branning so the other one Better take it down Every man cheats But if he loves you enough You'll never find out I'm the only one Talking to her, I swear she's Not just a mad doll I really would like To take someone on a date But I'm too ugly Your professor should Inform my professor of This great idea Can Houston get some? Consistent nice weather just For maybe a week Why people think that? Being rude to others is Cool and funny, ugh Bruno Mars live in A leather briefcase for their Ass every month I'm just trying to Figure out if I have class Tomorrow or not If I secure this Bag for real, I will never Stop loving myself Y'all always wanna Hate somebody, hate hate hate Damn, love a little If u hate Christmas Spirit, u can jingle the Fuck out of my life I'm not watching the Golden Globes, what did Oprah? Do I want to know? We also serve A Premium brownies cup, please Ask for more detail I'm done being nice To bitches that deserve to Be treated as such All positive vibes Around me, please, or you will Get cut the fuck off Whenever I think I won't be good at something I prove myself wrong Someone show me how To use your shower head to Duchess, video it lol, we are supposed To get furniture today L'o l, let's see Why does the human? In Ratouille, remind me Of Mark Zuckerberg Making you horny? And making you scream is my Two favourite things Everytime I'm in This one shop, I see someone I don't wanna see I'll always be here For you, but for so many Times I was alone When are you going? To put the raptor in the Items shop again This drama was not The absolute best, but I Really enjoyed it This year I'm trying To go to haunted houses Just do spooky shit I love you, Liam Stay active, don't let me down Like the other boys All of a sudden It sprinkles in Cal dudes Forget how to drive Anywhere I smell Whet or cigarettes I get A instant headache Banana bread in The oven, thanks to our New baking items How do people share? Links on Twitter and have it Put the preview card Gwen Stacy shows up Apparently just to make this Dinner more awkward lol, not even noon And I'm crying boy, has it? Been a shitty week Back to the future Trilogy was good, I want To watch it again I seen people switch For the wrong reasons, I could Never trust a soul Does anyone want? To write a research paper For me, I'll pay you Today was a tough Day, but everyday above Ground is a blessing She is I heaven Now dressing is being made So let's continue This market will kill You, if you forget to take? Profits when you can Your always be my Favorite model, good luck In your new career The best characters In twin peaks are Cooper and Hawk without a doubt Thankful for all the Blessings being thrown my way Recently, life is good I forgot to eat Food before going to work And now I'm starving You have a girlfriend So stop logging into my Email and snooping This is disgraceful How do Republicans not? Have issue with this It would be awesome To feel needed or wanted By anyone, please Exam week started I'm already getting pissed Off for no reason In a tidal wave Of mystery, you'll still be Standing next to me Alright, who am I? Competing with to auto Get in the pro league Every time there's A state funeral, I think Of my grandfather's Be safe, everyone Class Officer's lilly meave Brandon and Bella Roasting a chicken And cooking vegetables for Supper and gravy Do professors like? When you backdate your papers Asking for a friend Of course my parents Are fighting on Christmas why? Am I not surprised? It's crazy how some People are crappy enough To ruin Christmas Even if you break Even if you're in shambles I'll always love you Everyone was kung Fu fighting song in my head But good to dance to Sometimes I forget You follow me then I freak Out when I see it Harry Potter and The other one is a good One to read about If u ever catch Me without my starbucks, just Know it's a bad day I never used those But I remember laughing At them many times When Michael gets a Cold sore, I was hollering The whole episode Our lives could've Been so good, but Momma had To fuck it all up Sometimes I love Bill Walton, sometimes he annoys The shit out of me I feel like logging Out of Twitter for a month Or maybe a year Evening Daniel I'm Almost sure you won't reply This, but here you are It took me forty Minutes to tidy my room It was that messy I hate being an Early morning, person I Can never sleep in I could always be Whatever you wanted, but Not what you needed Uh, do you maybe? Wanna stop while I recharge? My magic, thank you OK, I'm supposed To be an art account, but How did you find me? Driving around the City in my jersey like I play for the team Moral, you can choose To make good choices or bad Choices you decide? Do you ever just? Make banana bread as a Fuck you to someone Saints vs Texas That will be the Super Bowl Matchup, thank me now Do you ever feel? So broken inside, but have No one to talk to Hello, please help me Find a therapist, what are? Some good resources Hello guys, this is My third Twitter and I am Back on my bullshit We really have to Wait till midday tomorrow I hate everything I'm freezing and I'm Sick, I wanna be in bed With the heat blasted This is also an Awesome photoshop job for Whoever did this? Can October just? Hurry the hell up, please, I'm Boase of waiting now? Does anyone know? The best synagogue between Nashville and Memphis I love Mark Lucas Is annoying and on crack But I love him too Never let a bitch Named Veronica, tell you How to live your life? And tonight we shall Get so fucked that Sarah has To carry me home Happy birthday, Max Have a wonderful day, you Slow ass taurus mutt If you're doing what? Everyone else is doing You're doing it wrong I want my windows Tinted so that I can eat In peace in my car Gonna sit down and Do some budgeting planning For this year today I need Dick Chaney To admit he made money Off the Iraq war On bro people switch Up everyday, B that's why I stay to myself You know, I'm gonna Be there who else is ready For this epic show Only God can judge Us forget the haters cause Somebody loves ya People really can't Stand the fact that Selena Gomez stays winning Super Bowl Sunday Will never ever be the Same again, thank you Back to back seasons With injury rough, go for An intriguing kid Merging his biggest Fans once again lol this man Not gone, Rap, no mo How are you doing? Up there, Donna, did you get? Any bad weather? Et in thelma king The neighbours do not need to See your John Thomas Candace is awesome Would love to see her debate Juan, he has no clue I'm beginning to See more viable setups All of a sudden Trying so hard to Eat healthy, but holy hell I want boneless wings Barbers, stay walking Away from the chair in the Middle of a cut Can someone tell me? Why there was a cop drifting? In the parking lot All I think about Is food like I'm convinced I? Have an addiction Sometimes I wonder If you share my sentiments Maybe let me know Just when everything Is going good, I tend to Fuck everything up Grab a bottle of Whiskey and cuddle that ya Aul, potato head The worst feeling is Not knowing whether you have To wait or give up Never nurse trouble Like people for them to grow Bigger and larger To me, coding is Gentle, it can free all's mind Yet it's still tiring Who be doing y'all? Laces not to be referred But I wanna fight It's always raining In my head and you wonder Why I still live here? Econ final just Made me cry like a baby Now, time to come home Part of this paper To be found in a series Of tall character I love Holland so Much with my entire heart He's so amazing Today is the last Day letting someone get me Out of character Remember that I? Love you, my precious little One, no matter what? Jesse Hogan can Always come home next season And for a lot less You hide during the Daytime and only come back To the crib at night What kind of person? Am I for missing someone? As toxic as you A poem, your warm Fur gives wonder to you do They really see it Anyone who says? They like coconut water Is a goddamn lie? I don't ever hate On just certain people, I Just hate everything I hate having a Desk job sometimes because I Hate sitting all day It's not what happens To you, but how you react? To it, that matters Some people make you Feel good about life just by Their positive vibes Dunno, how I can? Hate someone I've never met But I hate a few I saw the mountains With the music drunkards burn Passion never sees I'm so alone, but Something tell me this is how It's suppose to be Sunrise in your bed Purple, yellow red only When it's you and me? I'm so exhausted And overwhelmed, but also Numb at the same time Thank you for caring About this and sharing the History with us My angel, please, I'm So worried, I really hope They find her today Once again, we see The importance of knowing How to use Christmas? I don't even know Bitches from Mexico and They are talking shit What's your favorite? Love story, movie, feel free To leave a comment All these empty seats And this girl decided to Sit right next to me Never gonna change Still is and will always be My favourite song Credit card, email Excuses the amount you set Me, of course, it does It took a minute But I'm finally seeing The good in goodbye Don't make people be Copy paste of you because You nothing but shit I pray for guidance Each and every day it's Easy to get lost My weekends have been So boring senior year is Coming to an end Oh, my girl's concept Photos are really pretty And I'm really gay Well, I was under The impression that you and I would talk alone Happy Mother's Day To all to Mother Nature And to Mother Earth Things happen for the Better or worse, just have to Keep moving forward Like dark energy Can observe my effect, but Really see me tho Finals are over Time to start studying the Outdoors a lil bit If Lebron somehow Beats the Warriors this year He needs to retire I need a haircut I was supposed to get one Before school started Take a photo, put A vintage filter on it Super duper cool Someone took the door From my closet today we're Falling apart, guys Gotta be patient And strong minded everything Will come together My body feels like It's shutting down, I need to Sort my diet out Roses burnt orange Bellflowers are beige sugar Feel sweet and so on Yesterday I was The biggest failing pos and Today I'm a saint We all know, Nicki A jealous ass bird, I'm slick 'Agreing with you I've never been more Ready for winter to end And spring to begin Live footage of me And my best friend ranting on The phone everyday I'm quiet til I Get comfortable with you Then I don't shut up Africans have no Ethics in their corruption That's the difference I really want the Carnival food, but I know It'll make me sick If I'm not getting My haircut, I won't ever Just be up early You need to listen To your own inner voice tune In only to that Nicole Matthews is One of the most beautiful Things on the planet Getting used to tap? Dance and I wonder if I'd Still be good at it It'd be great if My motivation would come Back right about now Learning to ignore Things is one of the greatest Paths to inner peace Such naughty children Climbing up onto the stage Like this on your own I'm not gonna have Enough time to finish the Album before class Y'all gotta hear me Singing these country songs, I Be sounding so good What happens if you? Get your period while on Neighbours and afraid I just became friends With some random number that Was texting me memes? Does other people? Refer to family friends As their cousins, too Sorry, I watched last Jedi again tonight and It got me thinking Sometimes I gotta Remind myself that certain Stuff is not worth it Honestly, this place Makes me feel like exhausted The more times I work Y'all know, I gotta At least have my pandora Playing for the ride Speaking up is not Always the answer sometimes Silence is louder Don't cheat anymore In relationship, it hurts Like dying inside Happy birthday to One of the sweetest guys, hope You have a great day We're so into this Connect four were not even Talking on discord That moment you pass Guitar methods, but don't know How to play guitar? I'm full of hummus And crying about Dolly Parton, what is up? Top defender, you Gave everything for the club Could do with you now I hate being up And having to wait for her To wake, I be bored I like that, Caleb And I can tag each other In memes all the time I liked Jeff Kaplan Better before he embraced Becoming a meme I'll be making A Snap chat soon, I just wanna Get a better phone Hello, my name is Charles, I do photography And other cool stuff I hope Khalid sings His latest album, When He Comes to Malaysia I've only spoken To one person today I'm So alone, how sad? Okay, Kraft dinner Has been successfully made And it's delicious I honestly don't Know why I bother telling My mom, anything I've never hated Myself more than anything Until this moment Virgil is too calm Needs to be more alert and Gomez, that was poor I have to attend Two funerals day after Each other this week Crazy how when you? Get so used to a feeling It just becomes numb We pretend things are Okay, just so people would Stop bothering us Between the lines of Fear and blame you begin to Wonder why you came? One minute it's hot Then it's cold, I'm not trying To get sick again Thanks bro whenever You down here, Lemme, know you? Got a place to stay Yo, these mosquitoes Out here are on steroids like Why are they so big? Looking forward to Hearing any new projects? And supporting them Why is everyone? Allowed to be passionate Except black women Happy birthday, Chris Thank you for a magical Run at the Fillmore You're not suppose to Be naughty this time of year Santa is watching Visit us to check Out all the great merchandise In our pro shop Don't understand why People rate Martial He's Bang Average at best I'm not ya groupie Ian worried bout yo shit And what you doing? I love getting strep The day of my first choir Concert of the Year The moment of joy When you see your food coming At a restaurant My biggest regret This year was not going to See my grandparents Ethan and Grayson Honestly, deserve the world I love them so much Think you so clever But now, u must sever you Re breaking the girl And darling cause I Love you, so that's the reason I just let you go Anyone will tell You being a mom changed my Life for the better I been waiting for The day you were released, lol Time to work, Kevin You posted that pic? Just to make me drool happy New Year's Beautiful Okay, I'm closing Twitter until my mental Breakdown is over Dreaming about the Person you've been trying to Forget about why This could be vital Information for me for The weekend after You's a fucking snake And yo brother is a damn Mouse, call him Mickey I looked so pretty Yesterday, my pictures gone I can't stop crying You'll get affected By something only if you Allow yourself to It's dangerous to Fall in love, but I wanna Burn with you tonight I am sitting in A chair in the middle of A lot of people Relatives, I will Smear on your faces, the dung From your festival That touchdown is one Of the great middle fingers In sports history Will this show ever? Come to Germany, I want To watch it so bad Moving day starting This adventure with you, my Babe is amazing So hot peanut oil? Across your fingers, I do Not recommend this You can go viral Off of the dumbest thing and Make so much money Remind no stream Tonight, but know I'm super Thank you all You better believe It before good morning and Have a nice day, lol You ain't suppose to Talk down on your family They are all you got Yup, everything and Anything I can to keep You the happiest? You never know how Strong, you truly are until It's your only choice Hillary has lied So long she is starting to Believe her own lies People who link ted Talks to people in Twitter Responses: Who hurt you? Fallas, when are we? Going to start adding Dick? Size to our heights I don't even be Looking for trouble, but that Shit, stay finding me Meeting someone who's? Presence motivates u to Want to do better? Will you be doing? A concert next year, I love You with all my heart You're afraid of the Dark don't offend us or we'll Drag you into it Fog starts to settle Flowers wither in a flash Gentle on the plain I'd drop everything To help her feeling better I'd stop everything When you are tired Maybe you just need a rest Not an exit door I still can't believe My nephew is running for Homecoming King, lol I know that money Come and go so money not My motive, no mo Love yourself better Than your partner could f l Paris, the black Swan If you wanna hang? Out with us idols, I don't Wanna hear you, cuss? I'm really out here Giving and making time for Someone who am I? Our lips don't touch When we say numbers until We reach one million Single for the peace Of mind, don't need anyone To make me happy Wait, did I really? Just decide to go back to College for a year Pursuing your dream Takes courage, how courageous Do you feel today? Are the giveaways? Global or strictly for NA Asking for a friend We take for granted What we have until we don't Have it anymore I was trying to Take a nap before work, but It's not working out Wakeup and fulfill Your dreams only prostitutes Makes money in bed Staying up at this? Time in this particular Day is so worth it Someone get tickets For life is beautiful, so I don't go alone Life is too precious To do anything less than What makes us happy? I'm starting to think Maybe I should just lay off People for a while I love going on Cruises because of the food They feed you so much At Madrid, if you Can't play standard every Game you don't needed I'm the only kid Here, so all the adults have To be nice to me Nothing safe is worth The drive and I would follow You follow you home Ya girl is hanging Off my pussy might as well Tell her to eat it In search of someone To drive me to Taco Bell I will buy your food This wind almost blew Me away, this is not Wig Wearing weather, lol Without a doubt, this Must be done to the fullest 'Ample of the law Read this, you dumbass Or sit on someone's lap and Have it read to you Ever thought about? Making a discord server You totally should At least with Lion And mountain lion you can Join our team here Y'all stay telling me Shit that I really do not Give a fuck about I am planning a Good scream into my pillow After work tonight At my wedding, I Want a money box instead? Of a gift table Sometimes I stay up All night thinking about how Good, my life could be If you say Zion Williamson reminds you of LeBron smoke yourself Reminds me of what? We did as kids wrestling was Fun like this was fun I'm rewatching Jane The virgen and I forgot How much I loved it? People always say I am stupid and stubborn Yeah, indeed, I am You gotta watch how People treat you when you can Do nothing for them Nothing but you are Injected a gourmet dish From your own country But you escaped and Managed to get your paws on The Lucky Mallet Not really feeling The greatest today I'll see You guys tomorrow? Fucking hell, what'a? Gim, I'm so sweaty and there Was so much fire This is gonna be My last Wednesday at work, how? Do I do this right? Nothing in life is To be feared, it is only To be understood It be some funny People coming in speedway Man, old men love me Lonelyse is so Cristaling it's like watching You die slowly Thanks, I'll remember That, hopefully, they will work Even just slightly Not only are they? People they did not ask to Be come refugees Might have eaten too Much cake or something I feel Really sick, send help I can't reset my Password: I forgot the birth Date that register So no one wanna Take me to see overlord And eat sushi, K Is your website or? App down at present, it won't Let me place a bet Granny might have to Retire after this because This is not it, Chief The sky is calling Me to forsake everything And just stare at it Ya allah, forgive! Me, I don't want anything Otherwise, just forgive me If you want custom Jewelry now is a great Time to order some Today I got through The day without a nap and I'm proud of myself I try my hardest To mean something to people And it never works I love friendly white People everyone should b Happy in their life I'm so upset that It took me until now to Finally, watch it I can't pretend I'm Not dying inside, but just So, you know, I am So what does someone? Borrowing my car, do if? They get pulled over Why do people go? On holiday to spend time In the gym, it's jokes Everything should be Going well, but okay those Assholes ruined it Can't decide whether To stick with an iPhone or Get the Google phone My coworkers were Making fun of my tinder Pictures, I'm crying Art someone needs to Teach her, it's impolite to Keep your mouth open Never too late to Finally, start living the Life you really want I think about u Every day too bad you're Not doing the same Neither set of voice Actors were the voice actors Announced Pre Airing Hearing my baby's Heartbeat and moving around Makes me so happy Can't believe this is New Girl's Last Episode I'm Gonna miss this show It's so difficult Listening to a man while? He's wearing sandals Okay, it's raining I'm lonely, I wish I had Someone to talk, too The urge of buying Ice cream at this hour, just To cheer myself up I like my women How I like my eggs beaten? And only the whites Too much going on Too much to think about, too Much to figure out I will rejoice in The simple gospel I will Remember in you, Lord I just remembered I have some liquor I'll drink That when I wake up Removing my more Personal Tweet re Alan Bates, hope u read it Biggest insult, my Family could hand out I Bet she drinks pepsi My dad's birthday is Saturday and I don't know What to do for him? I've never been so Sad to see Michigan lose I hate Michigan I hate being called Sis in an argument I'd Rather, you fight me Rumors of a Ghost? Up the shadowed mountain path I test my courage Trying to play with My money will never work Out in your favour Mine arrived today And I can confirm they are Very nice indeed The nation will rise Up and not tolerate the [Waking of Muller] Once again, I freaked Out because you were talking About my question Should I get coffee? And then shower or shower And then get coffee I wonder if you Could do it again, would you? Do it different All of the pictures Of everyone wearing black At the Golden Globes The record is so Good loving listening on My commute, thank you You should never have To beg for someone else's Time or attention? [Meet] Buddy, I am Going to have a drink with? My mates this evening What are you barking? At Johnny, nothing is up Are you an asshole? Why does a fucking? Rooster, live two houses down I'm trying to sleep Why is Monday so? Far from Friday, but Friday So close to Monday Mr Pickett loves His morning and afternoon And evening coffee It's not even noon And I've already been called A bitch and a hoe I swear sometimes the Only people who get me Is Tyler and Josh? Edi go, it's your Choice after all we can't do Anything with that? What happened to the? Package you were given to Accept and move on How can you explain? Something that you can't even Understand your self Ahh, my man, Denny Was so close to victory Lane, happy for you They only reason Why I'm doing third shift is 'Cause they pay better Humph, perhaps I could Help persuade you to go back To white men like me I don't wanna spoil The movie, but fuck I want To rant about it This day is very Special to all the mother Happy Mother's Day Alpha follows him Not wanting to sit any Longer and watches To whoever stole My wallet, your mom's a hoe And go fuck yourself I just been laying Low worrying all the time I can't even lie You expect me to? Go buy concert tickets are You fucking crazy Seeing all these m G pictures is warming my Heart, I'm so happy How is turning and? Extending for the goal line Not a football move Gay people won't stop Until straight people have to Come out the closet Inform the cauldron In the fire, magic skips Anger always sinks The number you have Dialed is not in use, please Make a note of it Imagine how much Money a single mom with Multiple girls spend All I wanted to Do today was go outside? And play basketball Stacey said, uh, uh Not going to happen I'm Staying in this shit The females who write All these professional bad Reviews can blow one My old art teacher Came into my work today Made me so happy It makes me happy When famous people's hips do? The thing my hips do Everything I say I make it clear therefore I'm Not explaining shit Love needs to turn Off her phone whenever she's Drunk, honestly, lol I really wanted To go to the gym tonight But I'm too damn sick Texas have got to Be one of the hottest teams In football right now Studying for math? Is causing me to breakout? So is it worth it? It really took this Long for Brandon to follow Me back on Twitter I'm really going To be bumping Spanish songs When I get my whip Make me a figure Of McCree or I'll be forced To do it myself I'm gonna make this Simple for you, you got two Choices, yes or yes It's so hard trying To get myself and Layla On a good schedule I think the hardest Thing about this diet is The no pasta thing Once upon a time There was a skeleton and It partied with you What was your degree? In I have a feeling you'll Be job hunting soon Some people, really Need to workout and have self Control when eating I fall asleep so Fast, I was just up looking For something to wear I already failed Drinking water all day, I Just had a juice oops I admire girls who Can wear bandanas as a T shirt because I can't Why is everyone? So soft in this episode I'm going through it I don't even care Besides, I just need this Shit to be over I just gotta be Patient, man, that forcing shit Not gonna cut it Why my friends worry? About me only when I'm In physical pain I have a project 'Achieved in every class And I want to cry Why do I always? Get such a spotty face at This time of the year Winter, give it up I've been listening to Let It snow for too long Thanks for showing me How he'll feels like before I Died, truly grateful I'm really tired Of doing everything and Getting no credit Should I bandwagon? And do a hunger games thing Or just end my life You recall how to? Warn an attractive youthful Being in a church Nothing to see here Folks, just another private Equity crime scene Happy New Year, Slam I love you and cannot wait To see you again I always have time For happy hour, cues self Care by Mac Miller I have a birthday Party on Saturday, what? Do I get this bitch? Last summer, really Feel like it was only A Few months ago, wow? I need more people In my life as solid as Baylee, that's a fact I'd rather get hit With a semi than to go To school tomorrow The people I trust Are the people that give me? The help that I need My sister won't stop Watching eh bee family I'm gonna explode I process what I'm About to cook in my head Before cooking it My allergies have Allowed me to get about An hour of sleep Miles in the into The Spider Verse trailer was So cute, I love him Was the contractor? At Enterprise Road paid to Create a site, leave I really don't be Fucking with anyone and I'm okay with that Be brave enough to Say goodbye, God will reward You a new hello? I wanna see you Do another one of those Doctor, scenes you did All I wanted was To have a drink today and Go watch some movies Who needs items buy? A better weapon, I mean Welcome to the shop Just saying you guys Are not ready for this new Music, it's insane The atmosphere and Game met perfectly tonight Charlotte was rocking Always going to Be bumps in the road today Is a bump that's all? Kim Kardashian at The Met Gala makes me want To get a spray tan The closer you get To pasco the more hyundais You begin to see I can hear people Singing high school musical Songs I wanna join? Besides, all da fuck Shit, we did to each other He always looked out The haunting of Hill House is a freaking show A Must watch Holy crap Never look at what You have lost always look at What is left with you? They're not going to Say anything I need them To say something, God The weather is not Cool, don't wanna catch up flu As the days close by Someone had to say It it's torture to be this Good year after year I could really go For a jam session, I need A singing partner I should be over U, I should know better, but It's just not the case I could restore your ( sight) my price would only be A very small thing Legend has it that? I'm dead, it's not a legend It's true I am dead The most important Part to me was seeing how You open the door I heard women suck Dick, more creatively on An empty stomach Any chance you will? Be coming to Manchester For a show one day I really hate when People assume shit just ask Me &amp, I'll tell you Sorry about last Night I'm OK now I have Hard time with my mom Who's the one calling? You baby who's in love with? Yo ass like crazy Also, if u don't Watch the mindy project, U Suck and I hate u People will like you To your face, but plot against You behind ya back? If I follow you Your job is to entertain Me don't disappoint Roses are cerise Primroses are beige sugar Is sweet and so on Also, is that noise? At the end, someone laughing Or just random noise Take your time, relax Ya mind let's talk about it Baby, I got time The next two public Holidays are on weekends Speaking of losses Sometimes the only Way to find yourself is to Get completely lost Stepping away from? Grades and comments for a bit To enjoy Swan Lake So y'all publicly Bash each other and then cool Like nothing happened After this morning I have reached a conclusion I don't like people If you're going to Talk shit about me at least Tell me to my face Lemme, take you on A little trip to Uncle Crow's Wisdom Corner Pumpkin pie, yum, yum Last piece until Thanksgiving Just fond memories Remember that time? He kidnapped us, I still have Nightmares over it I don't understand Why people don't ask instead? They wanna assume Happy birthday, I Hope you have an amazing Day you deserve it My older sister Is the most nastiest cunt? I have ever known I wanna be wrapped Up in blankets with someone Who cares about me? To the person I'm With today, I want us to Last a lifetime, C Me telling others To open up when I can't Do that, ugh my brain If you ain't paying Attention I'm not paying Attention, fuck it He has no conscience He'll not stop at anything To get what he wants Oh, sweet victory The applause of the masses Such loud poetry There was another Water main break, so we don't Have water again My dad's bringing me My pizza I've been asking For for the longest I've been trying this Girl's attention for a year I should just give up I'm not a stalker I'm just at the same places As you are always Why am I always? 'Channel' I eat constantly And still be hungry I must be missing Something this guy was mostly Crue, rarely funny I really would move To Maryland, but it's too Fucking cold for that If you insist, if You ever need a break from? The noise let me know And they posted that On Christmas, do you have your? Own Yancy Street gang Still wanna try those? Butter, crunch cookies, biggie Was talking about Your avi tells me You're too young to even have This talk with me, lol I'm trying so hard To avoid this show, why are? You pulling me in? I'm either crazy Early for school or mad late There is no on time I really want some Sushi, but I know I'm not Gonna finish it Hi Kinsey is in Disney and I'm not with her I'm going to cry Everytime I try To go to sleep the neighbors Baby starts crying I should probably Get my shit together, but I'm just too lazy Only the future Will tell, hopefully we see A change in approach Never pick a fight With an ugly person they've Got nothing to lose Tired of feeling Convenient for anything and Everything I do I can't stop thinking About you and still worry About what you do Fredo, deep down knew That the day her mother dies It's the end of him I'm a little sad That I finished Jersey Shore I love the drama Thanks for following It's a fantastic new week For travel, enjoy Guys, who joke about? Married you on tinder Is the biggest cringe? Sometimes I need to Be alone, but sometimes I Need you by my side Even my parents Can't believe I danced lol do I look that lazy I don't even have The time to tweet uni will Be the death of me Time was my hootie Song all the girls liked only Wanna be with you? I wonder if the Patriots rest their players In the Titans game Indeed, it's okay To be honest, but you should Set your boundaries I am fighting A Panic attack, and I just Need a mental break This was only A Year ago, it feels like it's Been so much longer People that like to Tell other people how to Feel are y'all OK? Northern Line is hell Tonight and now I'm running Late, I love my life How you doing well? I'm doing just fine, I lied I'm dying inside The little one has Been wanting be to come back So I have returned On the other hand I do approve of these colts Color, rush jerseys My sister made me Some spaghetti, but I don't Think I can eat them With a request like That he had a feeling, he Know what was coming Oh, also, I leased A new car today, so that's Pretty neat, I guess I say the dumbest Stuff in the mornings when I Order my coffee In that hurry up And wait mode forever, can't Get here soon enough Man, I hope Dallas Don't beat my ass for trying This when I get home Chu, come on, baby Come on, baby, hey next song Spirit dreams inside Special offer for All patients born in August See pic for details Feeling really good Today it's been a while since I've had a good day Crazy, what happens? When they finally throw a Flag on the home team That is the single Greatest thing I have ever Seems poor, dear Kenny Good prediction, how? You did it, do you expect? It recover soon I won't be afraid You have to do it yourself She is very wise We could go dancing We could go walking as long As we're together Can we cancel trump? And give Hillary White House We built it for her Just looking at that Head wondering how don't you? Have your own orbit The alcohol helps To drown away memories And the last goodbyes Like I said before We gonna see what's funny Tonight and we did Send me mixed signals For long enough and I'll just Start ignoring you It's so fucking cold And my arm is swollen as Shit, but it's pretty Trying really hard Not to overplay it, but My ears are in love In most countries, the Legal age for voting and Drinking is the same That would require Critical thinking this is All about feelings I'll be honest with You, I cannot wait to start Drinking again, lol I'm way too passive People deny the bitch that I could really be Think I'm gonna nap Until trench because I have Nothing else to do I was so fucking High in Bible class felt like I was with Jesus I want November To end then college apps is Going to be done Continually has to Explain this damn sport to me I don't get football Always liked working With you winston, you have a Great sense of humor I'm happy on the Outside, but I'm already Dying deep inside Hospital bag packed Little man's diaper bag now All we need is him Jackson is such a Sweet, kind and caring person I love him so much Sometimes I wake up Really depressed and it's the Worst feeling ever I managed to read An Italian tweet and I'm Mr Worldwide Now God never said the Weapons will not form, he said They will not prosper Why you always laugh? Over something which is not Really, that funny I know that bungee Gum has the properties of Both rubber and gum Maybe you should just Go back into the cave, you Crawled out of sweaty Someone once told me They can't figure out if I'm Attractive or not All the crazy shit I did tonight, those will be The best memories Being spoiled is nice Until you don't get your way Don't know how to act I no longer say Can you believe now, I say? Can you imagine? Maybe I'll try and Take a really hot photo Of myself tonight I don't get tired I get insecure, cause boys Loyalty ain't there? I tried clear liquor Again, that was a mistake Headache for hours Do people have rights? When they say that, marry the Night is a bad song Skipping the postgame Would rather watch the figure Skating and curling That's my desire A new life, a second chance Can you give me that? Men are supposed to Love and protect women, not Hurry and betray them My favourite drink Naturally goes well with [ thick bushy eyebrows] Is everyone else? Seeing my downward spiral Or is it just me? If anyone wants An invite to my birthday Party message me I wonder if I'll Ever be with the person? I'm meant to be with Newsflash, ladies, if We see you in yoga pants We want to fuck you I've been listening To sorry by the Rose for Six hours non stop I really did all That I better get an A On both these finals If you want people To always remember you Owe them some money No matter how you Feel about the president This is true and sad Horns are beautiful She appreciates them, if You're evil or not Michael Dickson and Pete Carroll star in the new Musical, brass balls Rapper Queen of Eyes Stevie Wonder was found blind For the second time I suggest we learn To love ourselves before It's made illegal I heard Matt Hansen Thinks anything is free if You try hard enough The only reason? I like sleep is because it Resets your bad mood My colleague got told Off for drinking coffee from A comical flask Has anyone seen? Love Simon, yet, is it good? Will I cry gay tears? I'm so annoyed, but I'm not going to comment About it further My whole family Is pissing me off right now? And I just woke up I really just want To sleep all day tomorrow And not leave my bed So sorry to hear This condolence's to you And your family My legs are deceased I will not be getting up At all tomorrow Can you believe I'm? Gonna be blonde in a week Because I'm so buzzed This is the cutest Thing I've ever seen I would Be crying all day This press conference Has descended into the Abyss, God help us That woman has two Kids, she's about to lose her Life, I want to cry I'm trying tell you What I know I ain't trying Tell you what I heard Don't upset me at A restaurant or I will Take it up with Yelp Falling out of love Sucks for the one no longer Receiving the love? 'Everyone I count My blessings of having you In my life, thank u I should probably Stop hiding in the bathroom And go back to work I love watching y'all Link up after ya friend told Me all ur business We've never seen A Zone defense before ever This is terrible In need of sugar Daddy, I hate working, I Just want to travel Can you stop sitting? On your phone on the toilet And get back to work I wanna go back To my baby hate, I hate To work these hours People tell me I'm Demanding all the time I Just know what I want It's like I'm happy But I know I gotta keep Goin harder, so yea Your welcome, it was Bloody fantastic loved it Excuse the language That show was awesome I can't wait till the Tony's And kit, oh my heart I am so fucking Sorry, Bobo sending you A shit ton of hugs If you don't believe Or trust anyone, you will Never be let down And their inflation Adjusted wages are tell The whole story, Frank Feed has me wanting To collect the prettiest Chickens this morning Never forget to Give thanks unto the Lord his God has no end Chargers are gonna Win the Super Bowl this year Remember this tweet? Oh, he was saying The same thing I was saying In different terms Dreams have only one Owner at a time, that's why Dreamers are lonely I'm dying to know When is Beth hooking up with? Rio, just saying I hope everything Turns out OK, and we can Make this shit happen Yeah, also hopeful That we beat Bore under Their old manager Are you going to? Scarborough, Fair Parsley, Sage rosemary and thyme Fuck me anxiously With a bowl of pasta and Call me sexy pants Go to YouTube search Foreigner, dirty white boy With lyrics, dig it! Get your workout in Early, so you can enjoy This beautiful day Always having a Boner at all times, it's a Blessing and a curse Babe, it's Saturday Night I wish I was going Out with you tonight We were so toxic To each other, that's why I Need to let us go Neither am I good Luck tomorrow, your team has A lot to play for I honestly don't Think I can handle staying Here, another year Too old to beating Around the bush, if you want Shorty, tell shorty Look, I was gonna Go easy on you and not To hurt your feelings We are all human Beings it's long past time to Start acting like it You can't possibly Be expecting me to run In some race, can you? I'm so dead trying To face the consequences Of standing for you Obama would have Never gotten this far with All this corrupt shit Found comfort in the People I would have never Imagined I would I'm still trying to Figure out why your mom wants To borrow your shirt Y'all females be fake Going gay and acting gay Just for attention I'm going straight to Sleep tonight, not waking up Til noon tomorrow We ain't gotta rush In shit because being In love is too hard It's just amazing How one decision can change? Your entire life You ever make A? Meat, so fucking good that you Wanna wife yourself? Kinda wish I could Shut off my emotions for A min or awhile Cough syrup got me Dozing off, I can see you In my afterlife The dirty daddy Fucker blocked me, oh, no how Will I carry on? If you're lucky, he'll Give you a signed picture of He's for Christmas Easy to hide what? U feels but hard to confess About how u feels Ya gotta love A Research paper that doubles As a business plan Also now, I know Some good places to get pins Made for decent price I hate having time 'Sale with my thoughts, how do? You distract yourself Life is what happens To you while you are busy Making other plans When your parents get Divorced, you get a free pass To call your dad, dude They won't understand But I never was meant to In the beginning Sometimes u have to Remained people that u can Be an asshole too I always forget My hair is red, unless I Walk by a mirror I warned the raven In the Battle, Malice, cheers Hunger always serves I'm gonna try to Stay home all day tomorrow Hopefully it rains I'm so happy for You nandita, you deserve All of this and more Exactly planned, just Make Republicans look bad Just before midterms Some people says I'm Just a dreamer, but I'm the One who never sleeps Women are stronger Than men mentally tell me If I'm lying, lol I like listening To music that reminds me Of simpler times It should be Treason To talk against corruption When you are corrupt Would never do the Things to people that they do To me such a shame Had my first fitting For my prom dress today and It looked so good, wow Have a short story For you guys, the patience and Love of a husband Know your enemy As yourself and you will win A hundred battles J Armstrong, I think We should a candlelight lunch And send her pictures Hey, Andrea, I would Love to know more about what? You do tell me more It's all about that One person you go to when? You have a bad day Misfortune is not That which can be avoided But that which cannot Texas better not Choke this fucking lead away I swear to God, bro I came out swinging From a South Philly basement Feeling black as fuck? Me and Laura can Understand, ten, we all hate Bananas so much Never heard this one I like thanks for bringing it To my attention I'm addicted to Marvel, but it's a small price For being awesome Smallwood Hayes is an Idol, the real fans know That we have a plan Oh, that I'm never Gonna let you go, gotta Let you know that I Someone take a trip With me to anywhere first Week of December I've yet to listen To a single one of these Albums, what I miss Somebody help it's Getting worse, what do u do? With a broken heart You been complaining? About them for months now go Get them taken out I miss my little Brother, but I know I can't Go back for a grip Being yourself is The best way to make someone Fall in love with you Can someone just love? Me and give me attention And cuddle me, man I'm coming home this Weekend kids make time for me Thank you, love you, X Someone just asked me What bathing soap I use, how's? Your morning going Ryan is working His way to being the third McCann, Gatti's twin Like I cannot get A respectful, loyal guy For the life of me Yup, I'm working on Some new songs in English A New journey unfolds Loyalty is great But also learn whom to give It and when to stop If I gotta hear About wack ass love, Simon Again this weekend They had no business Opening up the bathroom Stall door period Everything has to Be a fucking fight and I'm Tired, just tired I worry so much About Kevin getting home? Safe in the winter If you use Twitter On the computer, throw your Whole account away My doctor, oh wow? You have a tiny bladder Me girl, we been knew I'm robbing Taylor From all her exes and hoes Y'all gonna be done I just witnessed Tim Putting his burgers under? The tap to wash them Save the date, Batman And Catwoman are getting Married this summer Skating was so fun Yesterday drunk and all I So wanna go back? Okay, but why did? Her story about meeting Bey, make me tear up Weather update from Inner London, it's not cold And there is no snow Going to get it? Get it together and go Up and up and up James and Kirstie are So cute together, I hope Find someone like you Russell Wilson is Having a horrible first Quarter and a half So how much slander? Do I have to post today? To get some help from Correction, I'm not Missing him as a person At all, just that part I do not befriend Women who thinks it's okay? To date the same men Hello and thanks for The follow what type of books? Do you like reading? My favorite thing About those pictures is how Much chaos they cause Holy shit we were Joking about playing that Song yesterday, too Got some tequila For tomorrow because I Can do what I want What brand of Spanish? Fly is the most potent and Where can I get it? You are the sickest Human ever just look at? Yo big funky ass I need a trainer Or I'm never gonna get My life together If we believe the Rumors we would be playing Right into his hands I bloom in silence I've never needed a crowd To get the job done Frankly, this chamber Was a mistake if we were You we would quit now I'm so happy to Be home with my family I missed them so much Some YouTube couples Be on some other clout is One heck of a drug Just makes me wonder What they are going to do? With Adam Warlock I've argued motions And tried cases, can I be? A federal judge The only thing I'm Looking forward for today Is my free pizza? I wanted to smoke A cigarette, but I left My lighter at home Poll time sponges in The kitchen, how many do? You have and what for? Please make a sequel This was awesome, a real treat For fans of the game Bloody, delete that Video, too, that thing is So old and ugly Hey, Coleen Caswell Thanks for the follow, I hope You enjoy my feed You're not staying at My house tonight, unless you Play Russian roulette The Oakland A's have A better quarterback than The Oakland Raiders God really blessed me With this job, I love working For this company Jerome H Powell Sworn in as chairman of Fed Board of Governors I'm tired, I will Directly tell this girl to Stop being a bitch I'll be patiently Waiting for someone to smack The shit out of me I really ain't had A haircut since December I can't believe it How will I survive? Work today if my stomach Is hurting so bad? I ain't addicted To this, but relax this is Hitching home too hard Havre to mention That the antagonist is A school of tadpoles How are we supposed? To heal if something keeps re Opening the wound I'm trying to flip Him over, he's a sturdy Glass of water, though My vagina feels Like mashed potato, I am On the verge of death I want to suspend My Twitter account, how can? I go about this I miss my boyfriend So much that I don't even Wanna talk to him? Do stuff for people Out of love, so don't ever Think you finessed me That was probably The most painful episode To watch of catfish Morning, kath is that? Infection going this warm Weather must help X That moment when you Pretend to be on a call To ignore someone I'm bothered by the Fact that people exist, but You're an exception I'm hurting deep, but I tell myself you got this With tears in my eyes The older I get The less I care about what People think of me Please only buy pop For Barney today, if you See him around, Er What a perfect time To be getting out of town Hurry up Thursday Thanks, beautiful hope U are having a great day My beautiful freind Thornburg is helping Me to where I don't gotta Take Apex, I'm blessed Begin to pray in The Holy Ghost as you reach Out to God tonight Tristan, u gotta Go up stronger than that, bro That was soft as fuck Scruting the artworks Of this artist instead of Studying how cute? I met my boyfriends Dad and stepmother today They are really cool The wind begins to Howl and the children hang on? Tight angular hills Jesus put a fence Around team, steph, not so much Team Lebron, I see Well as a butler This means everything to me I was meant to serve My mother and aunt Embarrasse the hell outta Me at restaurants I've never been so Happy in my life before I'm so beyond blessed Ara, of course I Do it right now, really hope She is fine right now Have you ever looked? At someone and think damn I'm Having fun with you Question for people Who attended school only? Because it was good No one ever stops To think that maybe I'm not Always in the mood No one will truly Ever understand the love? I have for my man And because of all This I feel so hyper and This could go all day Remind not to Take anyone who you care About for granted It's dope seeing all My guys graduate like we Are becoming men? I'm all over the Place I literally hate Everyone right now We all truly have Only one god I can see How the pieces fit? Oh yeah, he deserves To be under the jail for That that was torture I always dream of The day that living will be Better than dying Wow, water tastes so Much better in a stainless Steel water bottle I know the feeling I always get the itch to Do it to my bear OK, you heard it Here, first avocado toast But on garlic bread Got some issues with My order, please reply to My direct message I hate people that Don't like having arguments On their opinions How can I transfer? Money that is in my mind To my bank account Maybe I'll find A Date to my date party at The limelight dinner But I wanted to Make you something, and now I Sorry, I feel bad Well at the very Last I'll get to enjoy this Very high stress game I kill everyone Off like thanos if u try To play me like fool Why you gotta be? So extra brush your damn hair And post the pic, bro It's so crazy what? Can happen in a year or Even a few months I agree with you If we don't have any more Snow, I be happy So I bought myself My birthday gifts today, self Love is the best love I love extra sleep Early sunsets, depress me Daylight Savings Time I accept the past Manage the present work hard Toward the future I really hope, Prince Harry does not invite this Pos to his wedding Pacman is just A Dude popping pills to try and Escape his demons Someone teach me how To command Z some of my Past life decisions Gonna take my fat Ass to the gym tomorrow And see if it sticks I will no longer Hold my tongue, so be careful What you say to me? I just wanna go On holiday now, I can't Wait till August, ugh Damn that company Blatantly stole that logo Wow, indie wrestling Jesus told me to Abort it if that happens So it's only right Why did I agree? To help an architect back A ginger bread house Mentally clocked out Of this semester we'll try Again in the spring That moment when u Wanna cry, but u know u? Have to hold it back I I somehow have Becoming a grandmother, what? Is my life right now? Be thankful you don't Have enough money to make The wrong decisions Is today the day? I trade in my Dolphins fan Card for a brown's one Frying my head that I don't know when I'm going To next see Taylor Why I turn around? And my dad is pouring his Drink into my cup I hate group projects Because I always end up Doing all the work Kinsey and I went Through so many emotions Tonight I'm wheezing I've just accepted That I'm gonna be alone For a long ass time When can we expect? The smash ultimate review Gotta be soon, right? Gonna turn my read Recepts off just to let you Know I won't respond I never thought I'd See the day that I'm moving Out of Manhattan He said he really Wanna see me more, I said We should have a date I just got super Fucking tired all of a Slightly what the fuck? You want a battle? Sorry, I'm not that low, I'm More of like a war We're finally in A really good place again But it feels fleeting About the same as You John McCain, you slobber All over McCain Sorry for the late Notice taking the night off Tonight'so no stream Finally found A Spot the fish we're hitting at Two keepers to boot You have bewitched me Body and soul and I love I love, I love you The plan for tonight Was dinner drinks we only? Made it to dinner Hey, y'all John Legend Released a Christmas album And, uh, yah shits nice Can you believe that? Luke, hemmings exists, I mean We don't deserve him Just wanted to say It was nice seeing you and You looked fantastic Told y'all the devil Is working on me today? I can't even spell Makin'me cry and Pull out my gun, I'm gonna Shoot this if you run Come kiss me, baby My sugar has gone low and I'm kinda how k I finally found Leggings that fit perfectly So rip my wallet Christmas is over But I want the sailor moon Series so bad, fuck Add the love ranger Joe to item shop because I want to buy it I'm about to watch The dangerous woman tour Diaries in class Also, my hair grew Like two inches, it's crazy What veggies can do? Sorry, I can't stream This weekend I will be back On Monday again I don't wanna live Forever 'cause I know I'd Be living in pain Melons are a great Source or potassium, oh? Wait, that's bananas I hate feeling like I don't cherish my youth, dude I need to do more It's hotter than two Rats fucking in a wool sock Right now, in my room That's it I'm going To cut off my ponytail And choke you with it I did not order This word salad, please return It to the kitchen I'm really gonna Make myself look like a fool Tonight, but fuck it Satan loves you, he'll Never judge you, he invites All with open arms Make yourself happy Before you allow someone To make you happy Hopefully the next Person you do this to will Staple you in the face If I got ruined That hard I'd probably take A lie down, Iain Whenever I want To go out, my friends never Want to fake asses? Anyone can tell Me something that I can do If I miss someone I have morning wood Like a native fisherman Dude, I'm so happy A true surfer would Know that you cannot destroy The strawberry clock The Clintons are not News anymore, can you all? Just leave them alone Only come back is You're ugly no matter what I say you're ugly Good morning, Coach B I'm doing well, how have you? Been doing my dear I suck at speaking English, but I also suck At Spanish, oh no Pick up a jersey For yourself and your lady At the pro shop, go My sisters sat next To me calling your jackets Peng, it's so funny Had my first morning Coffee in seven days and My head is spinning A very long thread About my favorite love Story ever told? Vile, self preserving Scum, I hate these people, they Do not speak for me Subscribe to my big Ratchet Channel on YouTube For all the new heat I mean, other games Exist people are allowed To play other games My grandpa tried to Throw away their game if clue And I almost flipped A baby is God's Opinion that the world should Go on, Carl Sandburg Happy birthday, boy But, you know, I be locking You up at Tower? I ain't wishing death On that gal, but she gotta Go man, I'm sorry Y'all waiting for the Hype to go down before y'all Listen to J Cole Maybe if he's not Wearing that stupid red hat? He won't be noticed I stage my stillness By the divan, my longing An odd contraption I've got your picture In my wallet and your phone Number to call it Everything in this World is temporal while God's Love remains the same An old friend added Me on Facebook, and I swear He's a crack head now I hate myself for Still loving you, even though You hurt me badly Just removed my old Polaroids from the wall and Now I feel empty My goodness, Ken Starr Must not be saying what these Lefties want to hear Does nobody else? Go braindead clearing easy Charts in music games Damn, I love leaving My house and not having a Curfew to study Aw hell, naw, Karen Keep your bland ass potato Salad to yourself My biggest dream is To be above the clouds on Top of a mountain I pride myself on Being a nice guy I like Treating people well Phone gone die before I even leave to go home I don't even care I had no problems Being faithful, I love you So much I hate you How do some people? Wake up cute every day I just don't get it Wanna impress me? Be loyal behind my back I never had that Did Clay Walker say? When his new album or new? Music would be out Who needs happiness? When you have liquor, am I? Right, or am I right? I gotta give it To Mike Jones, he was better Than I remembered And I'm currently Drinking expired tea, hope my Stomach is okay Ohio State looks So bad today, we better Wake up for next week Trying to bounce back So I can get drunk tonight To drown my sorrows Portland lit, but I Got a long day tomorrow Ready to go home So much perfume at The grocery store today I need to lay down Awesome, I can't Wait for the holidays so I can go see it Not everyone, you Lose is a loss unless it's Me then you fucked up I'm a real project Ho been about my cheese, I Just get my dough, ohh? Cam is really that? Bitch and no other bitch can Compare or compete Hey, Michael, I would Love to know more about what? You do tell me more It's not about how It may look to others but How it makes you feel? Money don't make you Loyal, but she should of know With his history Just a reminder I'm cute no matter what type Of fuck shit, you try I really want to Watch the original now The music pride rock It's bullshit to boo Like this, let Osaka have Her fucking moment I'm sick of seeing Celebrities die from drugs Man, it's so damn sad I really need a High level of distraction Right now I am scared If polar bears were In Antarctica too, they'd Be bipolar bears Someone should do my Algebra homework for me Ya girl is tired Enough of lo fi Music I'm starting a new Trend hi fi music How about make and? Release a new album, can? We get that part in How about a square? And in the upper right hand Corner two arrows Also, if you don't Like it don't fucking look at Me simple as that I can't believe how This entire thing just blew Out of proportion Is wedding fever? A thing like baby fever Because I have it I'm so annoyed of Being constantly asked if I have a boyfriend Nice cover, but not My type of lecture, give it A try and enjoy The cutest little Boy, is on this TV show? I want to steal him Not to be confused With a decorator, don't Injected me like that I'm always faithful Loyal and just too damn good To the wrong people Well, guys, I'm gonna Go move to Mars and become A Ninja Goodnight If the Yankees are Going to postpone, I hope They announce it soon Not too many things Worse than biting into the Burnt sunflower seed Don't finesse me out My time before I finesse You out ya panties? I guess he figured Based off of genetics, my Dad is pretty tall Good morning, Jamie Such a beautiful morning Have a great weekend My neighbors are good For nothing won't even look 'Cometly for her Y'all, I fucking love Working this schedule my day Is flying by fast? Called me an asshole And I'd say I'm offended But I feel honoured Life without crawford Collins is like a broken Penet, it's pointless Ricky can bogey Double bogey his way out Of a tournament It is almost the End of the semester why? Are you moving seats? Hunter took my dog If anyone sees him, please Help me get him back Single on Twitter In love on Snapchat, don't try To figure me out My phone vanished off The face of the fucking earth And it's dead as shit I cannot tell you Enough how proud we are of You, you deserve this I have to agree Sorry, it has to be this Way, but here we are I should be sleeping Instead, I'm doing push ups Till the gym open I really got the Best teacher, lol, this lady Always help me out lol, maybe you should Be her for Halloween and Post it on YouTube One step closer, I'm Feeling fine, getting better One day at a time Those freaking haikus? Don't even get me started I'm gonna punch you I really need to Stop spending all my money On mangas and books It's the difference Between having a home and Living on the streets I'm just hoping to Wake up in happiness, but It all gone, sorry What's going to be? A little nervous today But I will control Anyways, it's been A day and I'm still crying Over the good side What, David Akers? Meaned to say was fuck, Dallas And fuck the cowboys I just got second Hand embarrassment, this was So fucking ugly So John and Charlie Are looking for her booze, huh? Good luck finding it Leaving out the house? Tomorrow I can't stand in Not another day Uh, I'm gonna have To continue later, I'll Finish it tonight This is what happens When you're a lazy boy, but? Not the recliner Hi, how many days? Does it take to deliver? In South Africa I'm doing my best But I can't always stay sane Just for you, okay? My mom keeps calling Me a white woman because Of how pale I am? I remember when It was White's only he was Talking about eggs? Can anyone tell? Me how to delete pictures Of my Twitter page Thank you for fueling My desire to make this Happen on my own It's the morning time And I've never felt this good In a long, long while Moree God in his Infinite mercy will bless You real big for this? The only reason? I hate summer is cause of These damn allergies My conscience is my Coffin and I swear sometimes I'd rather be dead I've never felt as Tired as I do right now In such a long time This bus empty and This girl really had to sit Next to me on God Long story short, I Put a whole bag of healing Crystals up my ass How about we just? Ban the mentally ill and Leave my rights alone Oh, dude, easy it's An Islamic name, don't talk Wasteful about it I wonder how much You were paid to support them Or how much u gave? This happens to me Everytime someone asks can You speak Korean? Tonight I've only Got to wash up before I Go to bed, thank fuck I don't understand Why I'm so happy yet, so Sad at the same time I'm wearing a wool [Swiper] And Jean Shorts, I am The king of fashion Been trying to draw All day, but too unfocused And spacing out, ugh? Man, I know Adam And eve froze their asses off In the wintertime Has the most absurd? Marketing team of all time This is pure genius The vanishing of Ethan Carter, but with the Ice bucket challenge Going back and forth On whether or not to get My ears pierced again Tuesday's nap went bad But tonight I am waking Up to do homework Thank you for bumping This to remind me how much I love this cartoon Unless your name is Google stop acting as if You know everything I love you because You could love somebody else Yet you still love me Is that trespassing? Supposed to bother me, no? One I want live there Give me free ticket To overseas, please, I need To relax my mind Boys be playing with Your fucking emotions and I'm not here for it I just wanna be Enable to sleep through a night Without waking up Even the strongest Blizards start with a single Snowflake Sara Raasch Still on regular Rotation: Jaguar, wright on Heart of the city The only reasons? I want an iPhone phone case Life and mobile games I will pretend to Go to Ladies Room, you meet Me in the stairwell Just the other day I was in high school almost Seven years ago I just wanna tell You, it takes everything in Me not to call you I don't wanna sign A goodbye letter to my Boss, that's deploying Can someone let me? Mouth know that peanut, M M Are not a food group OK, I'm off this Shit, I'll b back after I Finish my essay I'm really, really Trying to better myself And gosh, is it hard? Yup another night Of washing it down with some Good ole alcohol And they better not Leave anything out like they Did the jungle book? Handling gods I have A feeling that won't be an Issue much longer If you invite me For your burial, I will Unlock it for free Everyone thinks I'm Crazy because I believe In horoscopes, lol I need some popcorn Chicken and a strawberry Lemonade right now I use empty wine Bottles as weapons cause I'm Just classy like that What was I supposed? To say I was supposed to Make you feel happy Sometimes people ask Me about good spoken word Showing on the fringe All these relatives Mean nothing to me, it's you I wish to talk to Saying goodbye to Your senior friend in a class Feels like a breakup Hi king, just wanna Say you can have anything You want por favor? Thank you, I agree He is making everything Just so exciting Keep forgetting that I have take my sister back To school Saturday I really do piss My man off by not knowing What I want to eat? We need to finish This played ugly, but found a Way to find a run That movie got me Wanting to play Tor again? Who is behind this? Ahh, I'm not hungry Enough to ask for you to Cook me anything She's so beautiful Sometimes I regret being Such a dick to her I like compliments But too many at a time Are like, OK damn? No matter what, I Do I always feel like I'm? Doing something wrong? I can't believe I Go back home on Tuesday, I Never want to leave You really wanna? Spaz our, but you too chilled And just be plotting Sometimes I listen To music like trying to Find hidden answers Merry Christmas, I Hope you had a fantastic Day and all the love That moment he comes Up from behind and just wraps His arms around you Lord, I pray nothing Ever happens to my boys? I need all of'em I guess Twitter is Asking people to select A gender really I made the mistake Of having a nap and now I had a nightmare This week is going So slowly how the fuck is It only Tuesday These advisors talk To each other like they have A gun to their head Somebody told me I was they favorite smile Today made my day Fridays are for class In the morning and skiing In the afternoon Me I wanna find A static max, no, u don't Me ur right, I don't Let's get his chicken Roasted in the oven for The sake of make up It's amazing how You can truly think yourself In to a bad mood Dude, I've only been In school for an hour and I'm ready to go The truth is even During battle, I felt like We were a good match Sheena, hang in there Bud wine gaming hour is Almost upon you I'm gonna watch the Last season of Batman's Motel And I cannot wait Going on a break? From everything bout to just Focus on me and Jobs, fill your pocket But adventure fill your soul Jamie Lynn Beatty I posted selfies And lost followers wow the Power of my face Don't worry, I'll be The mom for the weekend, I Won't let that happen? I like not only To be loved, but also to Be told I am loved Uni has made me Too bust to do anything Otherwise, I wanna cry I love the feeling If having a very slight Cold for some reason Y'all are about to Witness Baker Mayfield put On a show, just watch So echos do work On space, Earth is also fun When weather is good First foggy day in Milano Christmas is just Around the corner And I'll be sleeping Again with a heavy heart And empty stomach Somebody buy me Some Tory Burch sandals, I'll Love you forever Respect that woman Who values your attention? More than your money Let me finger blast You with my injured finger? So I know you care I'm so loving this Aloe vera soothing gel Nag soft toy skin, Ko Someone forgot to Set a campaign end date on This promoted tweet Should I bend over? Should I look older just to? Be put on your shelf Kendrick Lamar is One of my favorite and I'm a New Yorker Do you even know? How beautiful you are, how? The stars envy you I've never been so Arsoted before this is why I have trust issues I'm trying to be More like Jesus and never Wear a bra or shave You never know that God is all you need until God is all you have Don't let my actions Mislead you, I fucks with you But ion need you Learning premiere pro Get ready for those edits Coming soon, bitches I'm just trying to Not break down and Twitter is Sadly, all I have What movie are you? Trying to brave in this storm And happy new year Decided on full White rugby kit for Friday Night in Manchester All the very best To connections looking good For the win tonight It's already gone From our place it was here And gone pretty fast If anything, I'd Really want you to find your Happiness in me You see people's real? Intentions when you take A Step back and observe Don't tell people to Do things they should already Know they need to do Just a really small Thick human who I want Nothing to do with Hashful people don't Stop even on days you need Then to stop the most I need this income Tax to stop playing with me And come already I'm just trying to Better myself I don't need No more distractions Am I still tired? Or am I just laying in? Bed on my phone still Me telling people No worries when I fact there Are many worries? We reverence you We honour you, we welcome You Lord God of all It's so exciting And so nerve wracking looking At houses for sale Can we fast forward? To next weekend, so ready To be with my girls Someone invite me Over to go swimming this Heat is killing me Being honest and Open is the biggest turn On Zoe, take notes If someone would chop And screw some country music I'd listen to it I love how social Media lets you know when People are active Even the bitches Whose houses were blown away? By the hurricane Thanks for getting me Home on time today, see you Again on Monday Boy, I was jumping Barefoot during con coz my Shoes gave up on me Roses are chestnut Carnations are black sugar Is sweet and so on I remember when Drama used to be fun now It's just annoying You, you liar you Came after us, so you could Kill us, go away This is gonna be The one time I've ever cared About the Grammys Mustang, this is Ghost Rider, we have a target Call in, Maverick Sometimes I like to Look into the mirror and Then looking away What a great Santa Way to go, Macy's love the Joy and happiness Catch me having fun Tonight and the rest of the Week I deserve it Should I treat myself? With Wrongwood or Funeral Parade of roses Have you ever been? So depressed that the only Thing you do is sleep I should probably Get over myself, but no I hate both of them Peter Rabbit is Such a cute, funny movie You need to watch it This is the very Reason why I am afraid Of getting married Love waking up to Those text messages from you That I still ignore I don't wanna live Forever 'cause I know I'll Be living in vain I just watched wonder And I sobbed like a baby Such a good movie Refusing all the Times I took advantage of Breathing out my nose College wild, gotta Skip a class to finish work For another one I'm thankful for my Family, my friends, my dog And Robert Mueller Don't take others For granted, they won't be There for forever Wanna go see my? Mama, this weekend, but don't Wanna face that drive? And everyone thinks I dodged a bullet, but I Think I shot the gun I'm glad I'm never On campus, when stuff happens I get mad too fast Been over working self in the gym and now I feel horrible Texting while driving Is the only thing that gets? Me high anymore Darnell was tripping With Brandi ass working too Hard for the crazy The woman that I'm Going to date must love me More than I love her Bet those people were Rushing to fucking, go to Work for someone else Any force against? My progression is a force I pay no mind to Watching my hubby And dog run around and play It's a good Sunday How u expect me? To trust you when I barley Trust my dam self lol Rob, zombie, yo Rob Zombie I'm about to win This polka battle I don't update my Profile pictures for them to Be ignored, ya know It's April first and It's snowing, this is for sure An April fool's joke Every year it's The day before nye that I Find something to do Sticking to your name And it's always always good Thank you very much I'm thinking about What I would settle for that Would be easier Any Jenny Greene? Tickets out there for tonight In the opera house My niece just opened One of my birthday cards and Found money in there I always lol when People try to tell me C Is a dead language? If I see something Beautiful in someone I Always let them know Bae Daniel Lamond Is in heathers and now my? Life can be complete It's okay if you're A little damage it shows That you can manage I'm doing something Worse in life need to figure Out what it is, lol I had to delete My tweet from earlier y'all Was tweaking with me Never judge a book It's cover some doing it For a better cause How you a rapper? And make a song with Elton John, that's pure fire I will always be Sweet to the gorgeous angel I have a crush on Dear mama, did you? Try to tell me everything Was gonna be safe I can't take any Bitch serious, who pick choose? Who to be tough with? When people forget Who you are, you just gotta Remind them sometimes It's going to be A good one tonight, you might Not want to miss this The future is home Of our deepest fears and Our wildest hopes Did something happen? If you feel like sharing I'm Happy to listen My heart is breaking Slowly piece by piece, and I Think that is awful I'm blowed and super Buzzed already and they went And got more liquor You ever want to? Just buy a one way ticket And never look back Aki, please, I just Need three more balances and I keep getting spires About to become A Tampa Bay lightning fan For the rest of May Sometimes you gotta Turn on that gospel on A Sunday and have him You got that pizza? Boy, smell ya later, Flippo The chicken, baby If your coconut Oil is completely liquid Your room is too hot I honestly don't Know what to eat fucking with? This acid reflex I don't wanna be Nice anymore if this is How I get treated? My little brother Decided to stay with me For a couple days The victim here is Why we need tax cuts reform? We need to get trump U need to enter Degree, then u know what is A depressing year You have always been A lifelong learner which is Vital, keep it up I need a fucking Drink after this regional Visit, we just failed Promise are made just To make someone expect and Get hurt in the end I'm going on the Freeway tomorrow, so I'm As good as dead bye Sir, first off, never Calm out prayers, okay, pray Then act period Nothing like jamming To no vaseline with the Family, good times Get me candles and Books hun everything else is Just worthless to me I gotta tell y'all The story on how I was Approached man to man Do I wanna know? By the Arctic monkeys is An eternal mood The status quo is More dangerous than launching In the unknown You still real quiet? I'm mad at you but also I missed you so much First leg of travel Of booked Europe here, we come First stop, Amsterdam What they gonna do? Sue me for joking around On Twitter, dot com The higher we soar The smaller we appear to Those who cannot fly Virginia should get A lifetime tournament ban For this performance But can you argue? Fruitlessly with a fidget Spinner for hours I am more angry About the loss this morning Than I was last night I feel like liking The message or whatever? Is a response, lol? I hope everyone Has a great day night today And a great weekend Katie, I urge you To get into this band trust Me, they are awesome It was Reverend Green, that used a dagger to Break the comic book Yeah, feeling anxious And jealous over someone Money, it's not good Thank you, Manchester For keeping us awake while Waiting for Bar A We will no longer Use your service, you support Lilies and racism Mark my words, Walker Buehler or Bradley Garret? Will win a cy young It's okay to cry By Sophie, like one of the Top songs of the year What's going on with? Your YouTube channel and why? Can't we go to it? I can't be alone In wanting Jason Nash to? Rearrange my guts I wanna get drunk Soon I'm feeling another Blackout night coming I ate too early So now I'm really craving Ice cream, do I dare? Come on, everyone Is a expert besides you? On the internet Is the winter storm? Warning done for everyone Or just calgary Somebody show me How to properly highlight? My inner corners Not when I'm trying To do more reading only One new show allowed Wow, lost in Japan I was not expecting that I fucking love it Boys, is there going? To be anymore, tour dates Getting released soon I'm dramatic, but I don't like drama, I swear It's a difference Crazy how a song? Can bring back a memory You forgot you had I'm thriving in this Weather it's like the sun is Giving me a hug This is Twitter hop On up outta here with your Private ass accounts Hope everyone is Watching Levin right now he's Gonna light it up That kid from Walmart Is everywhere and let me Just say I hate it Maybe the Yankees Should apologize to Fred For trying to win I just really need To be alone right now, find Happiness, find peace Thanks for so many Years of memories best of Luck going forward Yo said Florida Women burn ya house down if You eat without them I don't wanna work Out at all today, but I Gotta stay on it Trying to prepare Me, but I know this is Going to kill me? Mr Shithole shut Up and stop your nincompoop Strolls on Africans Gotta forgive and Forget, forgive the action Forget the person I'm taking a break From Twitter I'll see you all In a week or two Him, I wanna look Like the bottom of my nikes Barber, say no more Eva Brann speaks out As Hitler takes care of men Women and children My whole family Thought I'd have a kid before My big bro, but nope When you have money None of the weddings in my Pueblo, look like this You already know I'm going to have the best Wine at my wedding I'll check every Last spot on your body to See if you're healthy I'm about to fall Sleeping and I have so much Work to do, Marty How are you supposed? To forget someone that meant Everything to you That shit better take Me to whatever store I Want when I pull up? About time, let's hope He gets his commission A Little more quickly This dude is legit The only player on the Panthers killing us This dog still exists This story just keeps getting Better and better Ryan Reynolds is Someone I'd like to sit down And have a drink with [Screating Jimmy G Would be nice, never really Had a te like that I'm off tomorrow I opened today who wants? To get drunk tonight Homecoming is A Week away and we still don't Know who's performing? Gravity falls is Better then Rick and Morty Stop playing with me I just gave David Price a standing ovation In my living room I nearly just choked Myself on a chocolate, what? A way to go, though Between her voice and My chopping veggies for soup I am all chill now I just wanna be Stable for one full day is That too much to ask You hear the weirdest Most random shit as you pass People on campus Sometimes I debate If it's even worth sleeping At all, at this time I just wanna be Friends plus a little extra Also, I love you I miss my uncle Sometimes I wish I would have Left Memphis with him Thanks gorgeous, oh, my I hope he's under my tree On Christmas morning This mission I'm on Is personal I owe this? Come up to myself Is that a Christmas? Song or just someone being Dumped on boxing day It's really hard to Prove yourself to someone who Never saw your worth The cat is pleading To be let in before he Becoming the owl's meal I'm really depressed As hell you would never be Enable to tell, though I'll be forever Thankful for all the people In my life right now I have no problem Starting from the bottom and Working my way up Hally can say what? She wants, but she has gotten She's a man's man I'm gonna sleep now With lenses in my eyes, I Hope I won't be blind Just thinking about Going to work tomorrow? Makes me want to cry If you're having a Bad day, go home and cuddle Your puppy on lunch What are you talking? About we can talk later I can't let you die I'm really upset That my boyfriend is sleeping And I'm wide awake Am I childish for? Eating ice cream for dinner It has nuts in it Jordan, you own my [[Each heart, I swear I Love you forever Ugh, I can't decide If I wanna cut my hair Short again or not My fucking brother In jail, trying to make some Shit happen at home Really want a dog But probably just gonna Get a plant instead Please skip Nebraska Or better yet, cancel your Tour all together I just am happy I got rid of him sooner Rather than later Have you ever ask? You will I ever be? Happy with someone Oh, she is desperate For attention now, between The sheets, how boring? Wishing you all a Very merry Christmas and A happy new year Hi, this is erin Dawson, I'm going to hand Around here for now I drink apple juice So much that it's starting to Taste like water, lol Happy fucking new Years, bitches, fuck, everyone Who has off today? Do you ever pass? The mirror sometimes and be Like damn, I'm ugly I look forward to Seeing the downfall of the Patriots this year I'm seeing my dog And cats again tomorrow I missed them so much Going to the gym? Is all fun and games until? You have to workout Gonna use this time To power up as I don't Care about this match I started crying With a mouthful of tea and It came out my nose Stop ruining the Sport men don't own rugby or Any other sport? Not trying to be Dramatic, but I would die For Joanna Gaines All surgeries went Well, everyone is doing Well, feeling thankful Carrie is looking For a Hemmings shirt for me I love a sis wow I'm ready to get Under my covers, this ain't My type of weather I been having dreams Of me beating the shit out Of people lately And we drink our Coffee and pretend not to Look at each other I really tried to Open my front door with the Clicker to my car Is she gonna go? Tell him off and ruin it For her, oh, my God I love having Flex Seating in my classroom, my Students love it, too Eh, I'm not gonna Try to get them to notice Me at this point, lol Since my entire Day was in the house cleaning I'm out tomorrow Not gonna press him 'More, come or you don't I can't keep trying Even your scrawny Do not mind being horny Just please be happy Sometimes you have to Just keep reminding yourself That you'll be OK After this class I'm Snapping food then going home Passing the hell out The person below Thinks he's human, but he is Really a toothbrush I hope he changes His mind about not seeing Each other today On another note This old guy keeps following Me around the gym Mentally on break Physically, not on break U see my problem Watching Escape From? Alcatraz and I feel scammed By Michael Scofield Such a disgusting Ugly inside and outside Piece of angry filth When Jesus says yes Nobody can say no know Who is in control? I would love watching This movie with you all it's So good, so funny Never trust a kid In class who only fuck wit? U when u got gum? I like country guys Only if you aren't leave Me alone, God bless! Best wishes for A Wonderful new year for you And your family I was fortunate Because I always did a Lot of listening After three days, it's Game over, I won't believe Such a delusion Midnight in Brazil And my only wish of my Life is to meet you Stop what ur doing Go listen to Rex Orange County ur welcome hoses are antique Brass lilies are olive tar Is black and so on? Never let some things Get to your head loosen up Be free, worry less Also turns out I Get stress, acne in my ears Ugh, so horrible Cat is shouting at Me again, I guess I have To go to bed now Watch Twitter, come in Stole and decide to keep it Free, can that happen? Aaron Rodgers bout To win this game, the Packers Have no right winning Watching people queue In an airport needs to be A spectator sport It's too difficult But Dan has a special place In my heart, so Dan No more cleaning out The notebook, otherwise I Love the new segments Who is the cutest? Of them all spoiler alert It's Ahren Stringer If you're going to Put my name in anything Let it be a prayer Hey, Kayla, Nipples If you're reading this, I love You and I miss you A new president That cares about anything Other than himself People can cancelled For the stupidest shit, y'all Need to tone it down Greetings, look at me I am waiting for you to Reply to my text Cliffe, I am asking If you consider yourself Part of the grotesque You can only help People so much if they don't Wanna help themselves? Imagine if this Was a bomb tweet never mind? You'd still ignore it I'd rather take A [hammer] To the face than go To school tomorrow I swear my mama Act like I make thousands of Dollars at my job Why everyone is Lining up for Richard Stark's New metallic belt And Satan is real But Jesus is more real, choose Which one to follow? Merry Christmas, hope You and your family have A great holiday Such a weird heavy Fog filling my veins, but I'll Process it just fine You'd rather I fake Like I'm happy than accept The fact that I'm sad If you delete the [Message Straight away] Did you? Really take the L Check my CC and There are a lot of requests Will get to them soon I just wanna go Home, drown in wine and finish Wrapping my presents Today's women are Lazy bums who can't even Look after themselves Guys, I forgot to Wear my lion ears so don't Forget I have pride I'm running out of Ways to express the sorrow Of losing people Y'all let everyone Otherwise, fuck, but wanna go with? Me, I hate y'all hoes Andy Samberg is The funniest jew around Sorry, Seth, Roger I love watching my Dad and brother go crazy While watching soccer I can't wait until The day we started talking Again there has ne Opened the game up Finally, and they can't stop Us come on, kill them I like recording During sex, I be needing A recap sometimes Time makes you bolder Children get older and I'm Getting older too Playing fucking shit Yet again boring to watch In the last few games Good wishes to my Friends on the occasion of Bengali, new year What religion or? Reason could drive a man to Forsake his lover I think about this All day everyday, non stop Thinking goofy smile Yes, I've come along Way people used to assume I was conceited Really gotta do These assignments be on the Game later tonight Who ever said it? Was impossible to miss What u never had When can I message? You'and talk to you about Something really big Don't lend anyone Anything you can't afford Not to see again I'm ready to put The work in I'm ready to Explore and succeed We need to cancel Girls, they are all prettier Than me illegal Really trying to Figure out, should I go to? Work now or later The pictures of the Characters for spirit mode Looks kinda tacky How do people work? Out and still look attractive Asking for a friend Never forget the People who helped you get to Where you are today? Can someone explain? To me what the heck winslow? And bam are doing I see constant sun Not having a single cloud Is rather simple I have too many Video games to play, right? Now and it's stressful But be wolfing big Shit about me on Facebook Like I give a fuck He really just woke Up to tell me good morning And fell back asleep Oprah, Jesus said You don't believe in me or My father shut up I just wanna lay Up and watch movies, is that? Too much to ask for I can either be Really nice or really mean There's no in between I cannot believe That I'll be in Orlando In less than two days Someday I will know The reason, but I had a Great time, regardless I just wanna know Why my sister asked me to? Buy her one lemon I never believed In second chances until You showed me how to Get ready for A Bunch of politicians to Say a bunch of words Trying not to laugh Whilst having a sheet mask on Is an extreme sport My only hope is That Carol and I won't be Working that weekend? I could never be A cruelty free vegan I Beat my meat too much Being in conflict With yourself only ends with You losing yourself? Melanie should sue For Slander, I hope this all Gets sorted out soon My mother getting An iPhone she barely knows How to use a phone? I just wanna know What got into Beasley, my? Guy giving buckets God in heaven, help! Us and protect us from this Vile woman, amen Universe where are? You I'm giving you a hug And I will find them My profile picture Is a cartoon because I Have low self esteem I'm grateful to all My well wishers who wish me Well, on my birthday Also today there Was a guy wearing a scarf? In the gym, sorry People sniffing coke In toilets is always a Nice sigh, town is bad My dog and Clayton Are both snoring and taking? Up the whole damn bed Your eyebrow, lady Can ruin your life faster Than any man can I feel mentally Easeful, I just need a Break from everything If my daughter is Ten and I'm fucking nine, how? Is that possible? I just wanna be To myself I'm drained and no One makes it better No matter how much Hairspray, I put on my hair Never holds a curl Dear money, come and Seduce me and if I prove Spongeful, just rape me Don't get mad, baby I won't call you Dora Lea Very much, Mommy One thing about her Lil, bitch ass baby, Daddy He know who to try Did Al Michaels just? Say another game that ends On the last play, lol Durant never looks Like he is trying in games Which amazes me I wanted to tell A joke about pizza, but? It was too cheesy Decisions are made In a split second, whether It's for good or bad It's so different When the tables are turned on The other person Minding my business Girl, this is the funniest Shit, I seen all year God damn, I forgot How good the final act to? The Lion King was And I'm going to Stick around until I get To see the real you I was gonna tweet Something and I forgot what I was gonna say Gavin and Stacey Is the most underrated? Program of all time This girl deserves me I deserve her sometimes it Just be bad timing Yes, we're having a Party and we need some blue Lights and a siren I have perfect arts In my dreams, but they never Live until morning Daniel really use His words well in his letters Ahh, I love this boy I can't keep doing These assignments last minute I'm better than that Very best of luck For the future, Kenny sad To see u leave X I've nothing to say I will never come outside Away from my bed When it was Nicki Everyone wanted her to Be a role model I just wanna be Fucking cuddled, is that too? Much to ask God damn Ordered a shirley Then everyone got one can You say Trendsetter? That was awesome, Russ Paying him back for waving When Adam's fouled out Lucas, the spider Is the one only spider? I'm not afraid of Jesus, h christ, what? Is wrong with students today? I'm truly appalled I surprised my mom When I came home today and Wow, I'm so happy It's pretty much A Routine at this point workout Shower the office I won't be watching Talking dead as long as Chris Hardwick is the host My fave compliment Of the night, wow amal your? Face got skinnier This Jamie Murphy Transfer is so strange to me What do people think? You were just being U because that's what we know How to do the most? Y'all ever dream with Extremely big sized squirrels Wanting to bite you? It's weird trying to Say something politely, but Sounding rude as hell Hello, China, I'm Right above, wish I could say I'm glad to see you How crazy is it? That we dedicate a whole Month to scary stuff Fresh ideas are Not extravagant, they will Be many journeys My mobile banking Has not been activated Yet can you assist? Get a few hundred Of those for the border, that Will turn them around People who slow down To get on the freeway, should Have never been born Okay, but how dare? You not include Christina Ricci in this tweet I'm gonna try to Wash my stuffed animals and I'm really nervous A bitch carried her Cabbage yesterday and now Her arm is dying Some people come in Your life for a lifetime, some Come for a season What good is sitting? All alone in your room, come Hear the music play Happy new year to You samuel and thank you for All you are doing You know, a story's A lot like barbequed squid Can't rush either one Probably should have Lead with that bit of info To be honest, ha Lucy and I look Like nerds in our picture For the virtual Bliss after tonight Peapers against all odds take A look at me now It's his birthday, I Need to hear his joker laugh At least once a week Still wondering why? We struggle to buy fuel In this dehm country Y'all ever wake up In the morning and just think To yourself, fuck me Women that don't like Other women are red flags Stay away from them I know I'm pretty But it's always nice to hear Someone else say it Most museums have A free or reduced price day At least once a month Really not sure what? The result will be tonight Could go any way Home alone with babe Means running around naked Eating all his food? What are u telling? People when they are asking What u where up to? Cesar took my car Without telling me I'm am Not okay with this Don't disrespect my Baby Britney spears like this Ever again, dude There are so many Strength that stays invisible In this losing self Need someone to watch? Further movies with cause I'm Such a big baby Well, you were looking Forward to the snow, maybe Not a blizzard tho Rick talking about Taking me out dress shopping For Valentine's Day Good traders manage The downside they don't worry About the upside I want to succeed Is better than I'm afraid I'm going to fail I fancied she knew It puzzled her childhood and Walking beside you I'm going to dress My best today, even tho It's freezing outside I don't normally Fluke on Twitter, but my god What the fuck is this? I worry for you Things are coming to a head Be careful out there My mom keeps getting Slapped with surprises lately And I feel so bad Someday I'll be cute And that day will probably Be like tomorrow This randomly popped In my head this morning And I'm still dying Christmas is about The gift of love Jesus is The love example If you reply to This I will write and perform A song about you So Jacob, when you? Coming to Liverpool, that's What we need to know I now understand Why your reporters were put? In jail in Myanmar Happy birthday to My long lost partner in crime Hope it's a good one Two stank faces that Come to mind with this music The good and the bad No wholesome, Denton Women, but there are wholesome Women in Denton Halloween is soon And I only grow stronger As the veil weakens I'm good at singing And dancing do you want to? Hear my singing voice So I was younger And I wanna draw Centaur And shit on my fist I really need a Marvel for Dummies Guide Book Who wants to teach me? Commies they forbid Religion when I grew up In eastern Europe What kinda shit show? Did I get myself in here? Exiting stage left Jared just came home With a bottle of wine and Pizza from Highland I'm rolling over And staying in bed for the Rest of the weekend I'm getting stuck in This more and more honestly I'm happy with that She can't decide if She wants tacos or pizza So she's having both I cannot wait to Get into textiles, this is Gonna be so fun Sometime I wonder What my angel brothers are Doing in heaven A bottle of wine All to myself, happy new Year happy, Mommy Read the white paper On the history of rent Control in la here So many blessings Are coming my way and I Thank him for it all The problem with me Is that I always failed on? Everything I want I'm not unstable Nor sneaky you gone see and Know what I'm doing? And everytime I Ask myself, am I turning? Intense someone else I think I'm taking The club's to work tomorrow Just like last Monday I like laying here In silence though I'm about To be so knocked out Your dad can fucking Fuck off, I'm about to slap Him across the face Don't wanna call it Rock bottom yet, but things r Getting bad again Cartoon for the rest Of the night I'm going to Enjoy my weekend Waking up to an? Alarm is one of the worst Feelings one can feel I just really feel Time is going completely Way to fast for me Sometimes being a Secretive person is good Other times it's not See the two towers And allegiance and hunger Games catching fire A headset is well Complaint when you're using it With Yoko Kanno Don't forget boss's Day today, come see us to Pick the perfect gift Thank you, I'm always Here to listen or if you'd Ever like to write? Pierre sent me a Letter and all it says is End my suffering Maybe my wife thought I was playing about this Dragon Tattoo, lol I have only been At work for an hour and I want to go home Should be way higher Buffalo would win by close To triple digits Nothing like fading Jay Cutler after a big Win over the pats Falling down is so Refreshing to listen to And is really good Homer is driving Drunk and has collided with A woman student Can someone make A? Full version of the set list Version of Save Me I don't understand How people can afford to? Be bad with money Please say your cover Is of never enough from? The greatest showman I'm trying so hard To stay awake, but my eyes Are slowly closing To take a shower Or to not take a shower That is the question That little wow at The end, he is really so Precious, I love it I'm probably the Nicest person, you'll ever Meet a big ass kid Somebody well then? After Christmas, you got to Come spend a weekend So we're going to Under the fact that we have Something pretty cool Gotta get this wheel Fixed my baby gonna be In the shop all day Man, there's about to Be a bunch of Haitian flags In downtown tonight I honestly don't Care about all these previews Before the movie You can copy all What you want, you will always Be one step behind Is there any course? Programme as limited as Banking and finance It's not easy to Love me, I have sharp edges I have missing parts I'm never on time For anything but to cop Tickets, I sure am Not much use holding A weapon when you can't see What's all around you? After a while, you Get over it and you stop Checking up on them Having a crush is Fun, my favourite part is When they ignore me Feminists need to Focus on the driving skills Gap in this country I'm going to that Berlin show even if it's The last thing I do You deserve the best In life and I'm willing to Give them all to you My last interview Went really good now I'm just Crossing my fingers My momma called me For an hour I ain't been Home in a minute I wonder how fucked Up, I'm going to be when I have my first drink On God, yo hygiene Tell me everything I need To know about you Roses are yellow Begonias are blue sugar Is sweet and so on Oh, fuck did Finland Finally made it to the Finale fuck, yes I'll be uploading Today go check out life with Brandon on YouTube This Valentine's Day Will consist of me crying And eating ice cream? The great comet, what? We all deserve, but do we? Even deserve it I really want Wall Deco, but I'm not too sure What to put them on? I can't take people Around me dying, I can't I'm not built for it We're in the double Digits for my first T P Show I'm gonna cry Yo the crocodile? Episode of Black Mirror Has me shook as fuck? Father, daughter dance Tonight I'm in tears because I'm a giant mush All just too crazy Nothing making sense today This is true, Haiku I gotta learn to Deal with only one woman At a time again Y'all talk bad about Him, but I still manage to See the good in him Male nurses explain Why nursing is a job of? The future for men I've said it before And I'll say it again, I Hate wilted lettuce Then I'm gonna shoot You and that killed the exact Same way to climb out I keep forgiving People pero it's hard to Forget what they did Thanks for following Painters, pit stop on Twitter Enjoy the weekend So is your account? But I still follow you so Fuck off about it Before it starts to Rain, I am going to run Out for a quick tan Keep saying sorry Fuck your lies, I see evil In your perfect eyes This is exactly Why I fear being deep in? The ocean water Through night travellers In shields of humidity And that is enough I can't believe this My heart has shattered into Millions of pieces I'm done trying to Make amends if you want it Doe, then so be it It's crazy how much Worse it is to go to A junior college Your own potential Will expand by granting the Wishes of others I fall asleep and Dream of Yamaha keyboards And fender basses We may encourage Many defeats, but we must Not be defeated Maybe you should take The cold conducting metal Ring out of your nose I love my little Sister very much she's the Sunshine of my life I don't remember The last time I went outside lol, this is so sad Some of y'all really Ugly to me in real life I'm just being nice She'd totally be Excited getting spoiled by Her favourite aunt Happy Easter or Just happy Sunday, if you Don't celebrate it I've been eating so Much more fruit than usual And I feel so good If someone dares hit My producer, Chan, I won't Forgive them, you know My sister wives will Be happily moistened so I make sex at them I'm trying to go On a trip for my birthday Someone come with me Hey, I've decided To do inky days with you Guys in October I really hope we Win today, they deserve it So much I'm nervous I've done nothing but Write a paper today and My brain is hurting Question is, do I? Get a tattoo next month since I know what I want That's the difference Between you and me, Harry I say what I mean Well deserved, Lindsay Hope you had a lovely night See you next week, Ax I don't have any Build battles, cause I always Just build over them I think Mitch Marner Ran out of mountain dew and Switched to Jolt cola No matter how much You suffer, live on to heal And to get better lol, yeah, I never Did most of my assignments? Until the last day Always glad to see All the horses and riders Come out uninjured Sometimes I hop in My car and go someplace new Just to clear my head I really have to Thank God so many blessings Came my way today Going to get me? A bottle of water then? Off to sleep, I go Gonna attempt to Get a decent play for an Upload on YouTube I'm convinced that my History grades are never Gonna get posted Okay, welp, I'm sad Now I was looking forward Too seeing more stack Damn, I'm having a Hard time picking a layout Lord, give me guidance That is exactly How I dance to delicate? At home by myself So I offered my Friendship even tho I could Give her so much more This is coming from Probably the biggest cubs Fans in Chicago I'll pay top dollar For someone to interpret What they were saying? Trusting in yourself Not what you accomplish is The key to success What kind of network? Is this early this morning? This is Satanic Coco deserves all The recognition it gets Such a good movie Darth Vader was not An architect, he did not Design the death star I do sleep early But the question is, how can? I wake up early I don't understand How people move on so fast? I'm just so picky I make myself laugh Harder than anyone could Ever make me laugh? Mixing the past with The present with Distort or Distrace your future Sometimes the only Answers you get are the ones You provide yourself Someone come break me Leg or something so a don't Have to go to work Does anyone know? What his golf handicap is? Must be very low Happy to see you Here I always want to be A person like you I'm carrying your Love with me, West Virginia Down to Tennessee Even straight people 'Agree tom and Jerry are A timeless couple I always refuse To teach about the myth of Ghandi, what a cunt? Getting off early Going be with my people They need me the most Homer is driving Drunk and has collided with A man lifting weights Not to picky but Can I please have a boyfriend? Like Noah Ameen Why do people post? Shit on their story, that is So small I can't read When I'm trying to Avoid but at the end I Still gonna meet them I'm not going to Weight myself for at least a Week after today I'm sorry y'all but I was waiting for Tyler To shoot that shit up Contact your credit Card company and see if You cancel the charge? I've cheated only Once so far on my diet So proud of myself If my albums would Just come in the mail today That would be superb I know everything I am full of wisdom, no One can deny this Sorry, I hurt your Feelings, but you caught me in My fucking bad mood Is it really that? Hard to find a boyfriend that Can play the guitar I honestly don't See how anyone puts up With me, I'm the worst I also want this Well, but I know it's not Going to happen? I'm just about to Take a damn shower and get In bed at this point Are you serious? This is outrageous, what kind? Of franchise, are you? I could never go Dub over a female way Too many out here Justin has been home For one day, only one day I'm already tight I'm so tired of Translating and subbing these Radio shows, lol Welcome back, u were Dearly missed bringing it on Can you believe it? Let me hush before Some human get defensive On what I just said May the Spanish gods? Be with me tonight, I need To pass this final If you're gonna let Me down, let me down easy Let me know right now Sometimes a good day Is as simple as cotton Candy painted skies I like morning shifts I just dread the waking up Part so help me, God Dammit, I've broken My headphones, I can't seem to Keep a pair for long I hope everyone Had an amazing Christmas I know I sure did Me with my sister And putting them in the eye And not feel anger You should be ashamed If you smear the mother of A murder victim Gotta say so far This is the most active I've Seem jamie Collins It's like talking to A brick wall, I don't even Know why I bother? Okay, is it just? Me or is laundry like the? Strangest word ever Time to shower, eat This breakfast, Burrito and Take my ass to bed Rip Stan Lee, thankful For all the role models and Worlds he created Seiji got a girl To follow him around she's [Laughing her ass off] I can't fucking tweet Or spell, so excuse me, but I'm in fucking tears A better question Is why is Juan Williams still? On the Fox network I need a workout Buddy, who forced me to move? My ass out of bed Hate hate, hate people Who are condescending to? People their own age You repeat someone's Words verbatim and they swear You not listening? Has me watching this? Dird ass scary movie No Lir, I'm kinda scared I have a problem All boys I'm attracted to Look almost the same You protected them You chose to protect someone Over your revenge Has anyone said? Anything to you, so you? Don't reply to me I want a creature From the Black Lagoon statue In my living room I feel a tickle In my throat, I'm going to Be sick by Tuesday John C McGinley As J Jonah Jameson would Be well, good casting Kate Middleton is Extremely good at her one Job congrats to her I'm an accountant To save time, let's just assume That I'm never wrong You better shave that Before you come to my crib [Woman] The rock voice The world is falling Down Abbey Lincoln, the world Is falling down, Verve? I should've thrown my Heels at half of you, bitches Yesterday, I swear We are the Giraffe That was a pretty awesome Moment in Starlight I can't continue My life being the worst part Of someone else's If you ship any? Sisters, you and your ship is Disgusting, get out! lol, I just over Heard a white kid from Texas Make a racist joke Maybe twice a day Early before starting work And late afternoon Gonna sit here and Watch the sunset fade away While I drink a beer Wanna give a huge? Thank you for everyone and The birthday wishes Who wants to donate? To my hair show ticket fund Cash app accepted Is this guy eating? Bad dog food, does he really? Believe his own crap I'm not ready to Graduate, but I'm ready For school to be done Learning day by day How to express myself and? Put it into words Missing people who? Traced you like garbage is Very strange and dumb To me, reading is Freeing it allows me to Dream, it interests me You gotta learn to Love yourself before you can Love anyone else She replied to my Tweet the other day I may Have had a moment Guys, has anyone? Faced any problems with nail? Ridges, bumps, blisters I have never seen Youtube go down in my life What is going on? Hey, Markus Schaefer Thanks for the follow, I hope You enjoy my feed Happy birthday, Matt Daddy, I hope you had a Great one, live it up Good afternoon, Mitch Does Ray Ferraro still on? In the afternoons Marta, I'm going To show you a picture where? My ass is like bomb Congrats, bro crazy To see someone u know win That kind of money No spoken response Needed actions on Sunday Will show everyone lol to getting a Second job as a bouncer In the Marine Corps You'll wake inside A Whale like Pinocchio and You'll just accept it Learn to be content Otherwise, happiness will always Be where you are not Europe better build A massive wall between it And the Middle East Never let someone Use your name for credit, not Even your parents I hope Luke Hemmings Follows me while I'm sleeping Good night, everyone I want equal time For the Democratic side Of this discussion Eating a cupcake? While listening to the stone Rose's life is good Can depression just? Leave me alone for at least A couple of days Africa needs to Stay strong to occupy the Centre of the world Everyone has worth Not everyone has a price Know your own value I have a couple More hours then I'm off No Biggie, I got this Very cool, glad to See his father sprung for A Good birthday present Love, I find myself Every day singing where? Do broken hearts go? I like listening To Joe Budden, dude is just A diff wave in life Me, I'm gonna slap You in the face, Sylvan, oh? With those tiny hands Everyone can call Me beautiful, except the Person I want, lol I don't wanna stay Home this weekend, but I don't Wanna go down west? Let us walk around As the characters I love The boys on the road I suppose I'll just Have to take my money back The hard way so long When you feel awful And no one is replying To your messages Do you ever just? Cry because the universe Is so good to you? I keep getting kicked Out of my private and I Can't log back in C The way places are Bombing the air con it might As well be winter Shit how vexing those? vulgar people who do not Understand the arts If you never wooed Your food before eating then Your eating wrong, lol I'm happy, but I'm Not as happy as I will Be in September I know I'm always On vacation, but I need A real vacation If ever your in My arms again this time, I Love you much better No more wasting time And energy on things that No longer serve me Send me a picture Of yourself and I will roast The fuck out of you Surprise your cuddle Bug by wearing a live goose Head in the bedroom Life goes on, really That's the hardest lesson I Had to teach myself Sorry about that Get plenty of rest, try and Eat and get fluids Terrence asked us to Tag a Democrat, can you? Answer his question I have problems with Parallels, is there someone? Who can speak German? When you find someone? Who matches your energy? Keep that around you I hate going to Super packed bars if I don't Know the bartenders? No matter how much I give, I always feel like I'm not good enough Too tired and too Stress for everything I want To rest forever I've never been so Erasted by a group of guys Until this weekend Can Jesse drop the? Crack and go back to making Good music, thank yew And now my baby Is dancing, but she's dancing? With another man Honestly, more fear Mongering, do you believe? Anything you spew? Make up sex better Than regular sex, that's why I like starting shit Very annoyed with The shutdown for treason's but That tweet is funny Got a notebook full Of old feelings think I can Get rid of it now Sometimes I listen To project and sometimes I Listen to chopin' Plugging my phone in To charge just as it's dying Gives me such a rush Do you ever think? About how honey is just? Bee vomit I don't Y'all be applauding Men for breathing the bar has Been set so damn low I never thought I'd Find this much comfort in an Album lol, this wild So many feelings And emotions all at once Is too much for me Never been to A Drive in movie, but that is Changing this summer Rip Alfie Evans A brave little soldier who Did his parents proud? I'll protect her, I'll Protect her with everything I've got Claudio I'm going to pour My heart out to Johnny in Less than an hour I woke up really Early and I'm hungry, but I'm at my aunt's house I woke up happy As fuck, I'm about to have The best day ever Never gave a fuck About this life and that's me Just keeping it mild It's only Monday And I already want the Weekend to get here Guys, answer the poll On my previous tweet, I Need some help, really Hit the jingle juice A little to hard last night I regret nothing Alright, cut the shit I want a signing before My fucking birthday It's crazy how you Can get so close with someone In less than a year Sometimes the road is Crystal, sometimes I feel like I'm losing my mind I'm glad because I Also find happiness when I'm with u, okay? First Monday of the Year, here's to a productive Week for everyone You are entitled To an opinion, your just Little racist, right? The doctor says I'm Heading for destruction, my Time is wearing thin I'm dog is gonna Be very mad at me when I get this kitten Why did you even? Kiss me, you're so selfish and A freak of nature I'm so desperate for Affection right now I'll pay Someone to hold me The thought of going To New England hurts me, but It might be a bet I think my babies Need some dry weather and sun To go out and play I did order hair But it's not going to be Here, until Monday The most important Thing in life is finding out What you love to do? Life lessons never Put your bed exactly next To your computer It might, however Egg him on to start throwing His poop at people Rumor is you love? Getting anal from Putin? You dirty dog you If the Yankees don't Win tonight, I'll give my cat Up for adoption How many people? Have ever packed into A Tent camp in the snow All these rappers do It for they, Mama, but won't Do it for the kids It's happening here On Saturday, the priest will Be on ground that day Nothing's without A Challenge so might as well do What you really want? Outlook error, how? Long you are going to take To fix this error Anything that comes? Between me and my bread, it's A fucking problem People come into Your life for a reason and I am truly blessed I've been extremely Distinct from family, that's Never a good sign Taking action is Easy when you can hear Your inner guidance It's the only thing Keeping me sane while working With these animals The tea is boiling Today and I might have to Serve a cup or two This'so icy I'd Be afraid to wear it on Some everyday shit I love listening To loud music I love when It's on full volume Merry Christmas for You and your family, babe We love you so much The kendal calling And victorious line ups Look pretty decent Sitting in Dallas? Thinking about all the stuff? I forgot to pack Even when it's not About you all a sudden It's about u now Wanna trash something? After all, we still really Hate them, am I right? I'm clearly asking For an email address, thank You for your input Things in life happen For a reason, I just thank God for blessing me I was hoping I'd Never have to lay eyes on This dust ball again Now playing we are Going to have a good time By Marvin Louis That moment when you Receive an, I love you, text When you most need it You can't legally Say you know what's going on In robot chicken I don't trust people Who say not today deserves? Better, I just don't I hope my future Honey loves to travel and Explore new places I also have been Having flashbacks of my ex And I'm fucking sad Housekeeping, I mean Goddamn, one time let it be A bad bitch sweeping I just won't ever Understand how you can be Musty this early I hope this happens Would love to see a lois And Clark revival Why does everyone? Assume people only cheat When they're unhappy They'll see you happy And try to ruin it, don't Let them ruin it If the problem is Bigger than money then this Is extremely tough I'm tired and bored And hungry and home alone And I need a hug It always baffles Me when a nurse is leaning Toward anti vax I need to order My other pandora charm I want for myself My face is breaking Out and I don't deserve this I'm a good person I can always trust Myself though I always got The best intentions Love forgetting my Headphones when I wanna go To the gym, love it My current icon Reminds me of something I Can't remember what? Being sick is just The worse thing ever I tell You, it's horrible Okay, someone just Take me to Harry Potter World already, please I've been trying to Get attention from this dude But it's not working Sometimes I really Just want to throw Lewis out The fucking window Listen to the link On my bio fucking hell I'm nearly in tears Stepping out for a Walk everyday, can help you Sleep better at night Just love waking up All sweaty, I just washed my Hair yesterday, ugh I want something from Gucci'so bad, even just The air would be nice Bae fingered me while Cruising around the airport Bae is a keeper Standing on the edge Too scared to go away, too Scared to keep living I'm ready to die But I ain't got the fucking Patience, you feel me If you're designer Do you have to be trendy? Like everyone else U oughta be who You say you are but Roses Don't grow overnight Crying children, A Remind never to stop Taking birth control What if we focused? On loving people instead Of fixing people Really don't get why People feel the need to lie Over stupid shit Hey, now smooth crazy Feel empty moon gonna strut And shout, hey, hey, hey My dread lady go B bless me today, so it's go Be a good Sunday Somebody help it's Getting worse, what do you do? With a broken heart It's so important To stay well, stay inspired And stay creative I packed another Snowball into my gun, that's My secret weapon Stay loyal to those Who are down and loyal for? You and only you Remember when Mac? Miller threw an end of the World Party legend Not appearing at Any point in time, do not Know how to edit Good for her, Meghan Her Royal Highness, Duchess Of Sussex, long live Excuse my language But get your damn finger off The trigger, sister Honestly, not sure If I'll ever make it back To Athens, stay tuned Focus on yourself Has been the best advice I've Get in a while I'm going to walk Out of the house today, in A duck's jersey wow I may fuck around And go on a little beach Run in the morning I forgot how fast Ya hairline grow back when u Have a caesar, lol You don't wanna know What I wanna do when y'all Talk down on my name Oh, that was easy Thanks for the info and have A Merry Christmas Will guys ever learn? To respond to more than one Part of a message I really don't know What I want in all aspects Of my life right now Almost forgot to Set my alarms, it would have Been tragic, really Wanna talk I have? A lot of facts about owls Ravens and mushrooms I just figured out Who my therapist looks like? She looks like garnet Tony Stark, I hate Myself me, I hate myself Too bitch, get in line Sun Flower in your Rose Garden or the Rose In Your sun flower field Well, I look forward To seeing what you do from? Now on good luck, dude When I was little I always mixed up Helen Keller and Anne Frank I hate when people Tell me I have no stomach Because yes, I do Going to the mount? Is not just about church for? Me, this is my place Austin better quit Using my favorite picks And fucking them up Lemon juice, it's so Sour, but I can't resist It when it's near me Plus, Cutler will be In the wings, just waiting to Puddle in if needs be I just wanna go Shopping but my ford focus Can't handle all this Okay, then you are A moron and your face would Scare a blind person Sometimes I take my Sweet time on doing shit and I never know why Would anyone show? Up if I streamed smoking and Doing my makeup You're gonna marry Your bias one day, if d O dyed his hair green I wish someone would Play games with me, nobody Ever has the time? Why we gotta pay For a party, that's gonna Be on campus, lol Today, when I woke Up I found a pig, Rosa A book and a pig Having green hair is 'Truly the biggest pain, the' Fucking ass I've had My face legit feels Like it's on fire, what the? Fuck is going on I'm gonna stay to Myself, I'll explain myself I can't play myself With no vaseline Just a match and a little Bit of gasoline Jay Gatsby Bernard From the Santa Claus movies Calling people sport And I'm dying to Know is it killing you like? It's killing me, yeah People who hate cats Have no souls, my boyfriend is A prime example Ladies should get the True moral of this story Get your own money We just love helping Educators tell their schools' Stories rock on Rich I'm supposed to do My homework, but what the hell? Am I doing here? It's not easy to Walk away from somebody You built a bond with If people want to Make fun of beliefs fine, just Expect to be blocked Ready for a change Everytime I think I'm good Some show me I'm not My future husband Probably out here fucking With basic bitches The song, Tequila Literally hits my heart Every damn time I can't stop thinking About my crush, God damn I Wish I could stop, lol Believe nay of A Surety, they are the fools But they do not know I'm still waiting to Here, news about new music Or a summer tour? The peaceful silence penetrates my whole being It's so very dull Hopefully I can Becoming a licensed gay by The end of this week My favourite thing Is when I wave at Betty? And she wags her tail This lady just start Crying on the phone, yeah, it's Time for me to go Gareth Bale just won The game for Real Madrid go Home, Liverpool, lol Does anyone have? A working projector, they Are willing to sell? Sometimes I like to Lay on the kitchen floor and Pretend I'm a crumb Stop giving online Compromises and not say none In person, it's weird Bitch told Jesus to Take the wheel, but the repo Man, beat him to it Are you ready for? Your blessing are you ready? For your miracle Is Jermaine Kearse in? The witness protection plan Or is he injured? Eating out is A Worse as a vegan in Texas, holy crap Someone new at all Time, it's about time to fly Out of this country I agreed on God's Plan before I came to Earth What was that again? It's amazing how Better you start to feel when You let the dogs out Baby, lay on back And relax, kick your pretty Footes up on my dash Your only concern When we all want to conduct Myself in public My grandpa just told Me I eat dog shit because I made the wrong turn Do I really have? To go to school tomorrow I feel like dying I gotta make sure That we wavy cause, you know? That is my baby His clients never File police reports, tell you All you need to know Ah, there is nothing Like staying at home for real Comfort Jane Austen You knew about me? I had to find out about You remember that? It never hurts to Go for the jugular ask About his love life I'm just getting too Old for this shit I'm going Back to Wisconsin I really hate when My friend discourages me To try to do thing I wanna go home But it's pouring I really Don't want to go out Always been a ted And I hate it, gotta start Living like barney? This is honestly The most fucking annoying Time of the year, lol Honestly, there are A Lot of things happen, even You are against them I'm so happy that Everything has been going Good for me lately The moon looks beyond Beautiful tonight, but I'd Rather, stare at you You ever freeze from? A traumatic flashback and Look dead in the eyes It really started Raining and I just got a Car wash yesterday Got myself a Dan Brown out of a heavy heart Damn delayed payday Just want people to Be afraid of losing me Like I am to them The amount of bricks In the last minute of that Game was disgusting That baby ain't a Baby, no more it's almost Time for a baby Always gave credit When it's due, but you bitches Be too big headed Something about not Being on tour makes fast food Taste way way better The devil tried to Test me today, but all the Glory goes to God He's so beautiful Even his blurry selfie Is a masterpiece You would never know The answer to something's and That's okay, it is I really need to Know why there's no timer for The Nashville concert Listening to Chris Brown really makes me want to See him live again Fortuna needs to End this, I don't wanna watch This fight anymore Why would anyone? Want a sneaker of a guy? Who quit on his team? Gosh, I'm just waiting For this medicine to kick In so I can sleep What prospect to we? Have to attach to the deal To make this happen Instead of spending Money I'm making money On this trip, thank ya Sometimes you need to Clear your head in order to Listen to your heart Once I started to Just focus on myself, my Life got way better Take another drag Turn me to ashes ready For another lie Remember the girl? From Scott Pilgrim vs The World this is her now Life is constantly Changing you have to learn to Adjust and move on I really miss my Baby, they always keep me Shopping and laughing Jasmine and I are Getting a cat today and Named it after So we are dying Burning and getting hit by A bus, let's do it I'm sorry, but what? The actual fuck does this? Mean, are they okay? I've gotten so much Better at not panicking Stressing about stuff Open this tweet for A secret message dogs are Better than humans I really just want To practice and play baseball Right now and I can't If my ankle was Fully healed, I would be Running my ass home I cannot read God's Mind, however, I can read God's word, R C Sproul Women can be so Kinky, but I like how they Keep it a secret I'm gonna say it I don't trust people with red Eyes in their photos Keep the sex away 'Cause it ruins the game and It's simple respect I've brought Chicago To Texas and I'm not sure How Texas likes it? You ever just look? At someone think to yourself Wow, I eat ass lol What happened to Rock? Gods Eric Burdon, George Fame graham Nash, D I'm gonna be dead When we hike, walk whatever Trail later today The best decision You can ever make is to Invest in your self So I'm canceling My driving test and walking Back to happiness Really shitty day I hate today, I hate school I hate everything Trying so hard to Unresolve all the black Friday Emails I'm getting Might I remind you? That I have complete control Over your girlfriend Is the fucking queen? In town, what is this traffic? It's Saturday, man Nobody there when You need them, but expect you To be there for them Roses are red your Uniform is white, I think I might bust a nit I like matching sets From fashion move, I need to Start ordering them If anyone needs Me, I'll be trying to cheer Myself up through art The Monday after Spring break is probably the Worst day of the year I really want those Zara fabric slides, but the Price is heavy, man Hate the amount of Vegetables they put in the Noodles at Panda Hello, do you do? Shoots outside Germany too How to contact you? Hello, Kris, wu what? Time exactly is like that Gonna be released I've eaten enough Food today to be good for The rest of winter Happy Easter and Happy New Month to y'all more Blessings follow us Another good win For fife flyers yet, we are Still bloody seventh I don't wanna go To work today, I'd rather Be at home reading Why is everyone? Saying merry chrysler did I miss something, lol Knowing that you in A better place will help me Move on within time That awkward moment When you forgot to delete Your search history Saturdays are for Being depressed because you Have no life at all I'm really jealous lol, my mama really went To San Francisco Wanna hear something? Wild, that's totally lame but Made me excited I truly believe Had we won tonight, we would Have gotten a ring? If I'd truly loved Myself, I'd never have gone Down the path I did I work everyday For my baby, I don't want Ha to need for shit I don't even know If my layout matches but We rollin with it Push the mummy then Combine the pocket watch with The Skeleton Key Or maybe he was Warned numerous times before And they had enough I do that, Satan Shit cause it's funny and it Pisses people off I don't even feel Like doing my lashes, but I'm looking busted I want to travel The world, but I also want To stay home in bed Come on, car update For driving around looking At lights tomorrow My daddy, really Had on a temptation suit When they got married They have always said Merry Christmas, you fucking Litig sack of shit The mission I'm on Is personal I owe this? Come up to myself John from Tennessee What you wanna say, get this Shit off the airwaves Fair warning, if you Give me coffee, I will tell You that I love you? I have been trying To make icons, but it keeps [Clarating] What a mood? Doing nothing is Hard because you never know When you are finished Girls call me Daddy Because they know I'm going To walk out on them Tillman is so bad That McCann almost took him Deep on accident I am so fucking Sad Benjamin Button was Such a good movie If you entertain A clown, you will become a Part of his circus On God, I'm going To Florida this summer To beat this hoe up I never been hurt Like this, even my friend too Please leave me alone How are we gonna? Have our Christmas tree up With no ornaments If it's not enough Then I'm sorry, but just know That I tried my best There's too many men Too many people making Too many problems I'm trying to get A battle over there, how? Can we set that up? Walking behind slow Walkers could really make me Pop a blood vessel! No snapchat adding Different fonts will not help Your shitty update This is my weekly Remind about how much I love the good place Love has no errors For all errors are the want For love, William Law I don't understand Why people hate me so much? But it's whatever It's not college if You don't pull an all nighter Then take a final No one will ever Understand the love we have For one another If someone can come Over, give me a haircut I will smoke you out When you talk about? Gaining it, make sure you talk About losing it Stacey Abrams, I Will see you again at the Burger King window Well, I clearly heard The loud f bomb from Reddick After that strikeout I'm just a little Bit unwell right now, not just Right now, but always Happy now, until You see how much gets taken? Out for taxes, lol Hopefully I'll die A tom petty death like a Kite lost in the wind Okay, got to sleep I still have an hour, lol Rip to me good night You dream of success? I stayed up to achieve it That's the difference Can't even go far There's one bakery at my Bus stop, I feel sad When's John releasing? The cover of can't help it By Michael Jackson This was my cousin Lost his life over someone Dubious ass choices My timeline is full Of goodnight, can't everyone? Tweet good afternoon Twitter a mess so I suppose I'm gonna clean Up my account then Thanks to you, Amy My best wishes to you and Your's happy new year I believe that they We're trying to sell her parts On the black market Who is ready to? Fake this second history Test in the morning No matter how much I fancy girls and stuff, Dick Always has my heart You ever just stop? And think everything in this Life is whack as fuck Prayer for those who Honestly, may hate me, may your Day, bring inner peace Eating a rice cake? For the very first time, let's See if I like it Limited space still Available, sign ups close Tomorrow at noon Goblin is a great Word because it's a noun and A present tense verb All I'm looking for In life is a warm bosom To lay my head on Now remember this With China and how you all Thought he was stupid There is no limit When it comes to my wedding I need everything I'm going to take The biggest leap of my life And hope I grab on I'm gonna record A full length album of songs Sung with vocal fry You should be writing Like an antenna in love With an outrigger Merry Christmas, Rach Sending all my love to you Today and always And I'm going back To school only for the hoes And a class or two Sometimes I zone out And forget where I am when I'm zoning back in It all depends on What reason you are given? For being stood up This city is so Fucking gross n depressing I need to get out Happy Easter and April Fool's Day, even though It's almost over My hair is growing Back and I just wanna chop It all off again Talking about how? Old, our grandparents are Makes me really sad I am pretty sure That cocktail is the greatest Movie ever made? Told myself I was Taking on more courses next Semester yea no Never a problem Always super polite and Also warm and kind I'm crying tired Of trying yes, but on the Inside I'm dying Trade is important For the development of The United States Wow, I really love Suffering looking at all These beautiful pins Lenny Kravitz went To high school with Nicolas Coppola and Slash Everything is all Coming together, I'm not Rushing the process I promise I love The couple of friends I have They keep me laughing Excuse me, sir, do You have a moment to talk About Jesus Christ lol, the worst people Put so much effort into Being seen as good I really need to Go to bed or I'll regret It in the morning After today I'm Not going to leave my bed For another week I ain't get crawfish Today, so I'll probably Get it tomorrow Which essential oil? Should I use to make people? Stop talking to me How much money do? I save before investing It all in crypto Fear of rejection Is like playing Sonic with? Only one life left I need someone to Talk to someone who's simply Went to listen I really don't mind Seeing either team win just? Give me a good game I can't even tell A story without laughing So hard in between Reason and love will Triumph even in the face Of hate and bias Do you really want? To hurt me, do you really? Want to make me cry? Spring Breaking Open This burrito bowl on the Couch is more like it Just so you never Forget what you came up from To keep you humble Resting makes me feel Convenient cause, I know I got Assignments to do Wish I had pictures That could remind me of the Way we use to feel I really want some Brownies, but ion feel like Going to Walmart? We're doing so well On YouTube and K music Charts except Melon That feeling you get When something amazing is About to happen You are the person N, who make my days better? I love you so much I've never felt so Bad for a beautiful white Man, before help me This happens when the US president is in the Service of Russia I danced to Spanish Music for the first time and It was pretty fun A list of people Who deserve my time effort? Love and energy You just know, Travis Mendes searches his name on Twitter, I see u I'm losing my mind Being in this damn room, I'm So bored, it's scary I don't like talkin' About the streets, I like the Stead better, lol And it's across from South Lake Mall I'm about to Go over there, lol Whenever I watch Dynasty, I'm kinda glad My life is boring Happy Mother's Day To all the mommies from my Family to yours The force awakens Was a masterpiece compared To the last Jedi Later, so you can Take a camera crew and Posted on Twitter Being ill puts me In the worst mood, either kiss My arse or fuck off I gotta get some Sort of face, tat or banner To walk around with I'll be around here Soon, hopefully things kinda Got away from me That sometimes I can Be more emotional than A pregnant woman I love the dating Profiles that specify that Must have job and car If I take something For granted, I don't want to Give it back that way I can't wait until Alex Turner is back on His pretty boy shit Three billboards is A Sad porn movie, no one will Remember next year? People posting their Grades to social media Is so upsetting? I'm oddly in love With Paris Jackson she has This old hippie look Runaways comes back Next month, Tina Minoru Comes back to me soon Dusty, get thee to A nunnery, they love your Son, man, that boy gone Yeah, I'm deleting Snap until they fix this, lol This is so stupid I told him nicely I don't wanna be bothered Still messing with me Anyway, Bob says Hello back when u say hi To him, I love him Smoking a blunt while? Listening to Frank Ocean Is good for the soul What's your favourite? Colour of skittles I don't Like any of them Black people, really Announce me on complaining About the job, shit The soundtrack to A Walk to remember, give me So many feelings At all events in Any event you must not Forget to do that Goldfinger must know It is too early in the Film for Bond to Die I'm not going to Try anymore, what's the point? I'm setting you free Why you always think? I'm talkin' about you when I make a statement I can't stand hipster Fans like Lima as fans we Don't need to be fair Sending a I got A fresh cut for you, selfie Gets my heart going lol, I'm about to Fail my English midterm and I can't find my keys Becoming a master Of the dark art of grilling With the steak ager Sweet person, make you Turn on, but funny person Make you fall in love Everything you feel Is real, don't let anyone Tell you otherwise Seeing Jack play with All the doggies at the park Makes my heart happy Before I sleep, my Cat says meow, tell Leo He is a good dog Sometimes losing a Battle helps you find a new Way to win the war If one more person Steps into this fucking house I'm going to scream I just wanna sip This tropical juice and smoke This tropical weed I keep hearing bitch I'm a solo, so that's how I'm gonna sing it That picture is still Showing up on my Twitter And it's haunting me And Eddie Johnson Reminds me of Q's dad from Love and basketball Good cup of coffee And some cold weather is how It's suppose to be It'd be nice to Try and get sleep without a Lamp being turned on Well, I knew April We're gonna comeback, they went To Japan last month Bro, my stomach is Making weird ass noises, it's Too early for this Awesome, you guys do Amazing work can't wait to See finished pictures Shorty ass must've Bussed down a gallon before Recording this, lol Today I found out That I absolutely love Some of my cousins My dream is insane But the fact I'm completely Used to, it is more London Culture is Deep rooted in black culture Sorry, not sorry I miss comforting My girl, when the sad music [Plays] Not gonna lie There are too many Giveaway's going on, right? Now I can't keep up Did this guy really? Just do flawless transition From Fuji to Grime Money taking and Heart breaking now, you wonder Why women hate men? A hunger must've Overcame on me because I'm hungry as heck I will never change Myself in order to fit In with the cool kids I'm going to go Head and delete this app, can't? Even do my work My heart's a little Swollen from losing something That was never mine Thanks for following Me, Joge, I look forward To hearing from you? I want Georgia to Get creamed and for baker to Get his ass beat too I'm going to have To get my tonsils removed And I'm so rattled Kim wore cargo pants To see a world leader, that's All I have to say When things go beyond My control, I surrender It all to you, Lord Trying to find A Jim Halpert in a world full Of Ryan Howard's Not gonna be in Florida for the Masters This year, want to cry? What if we rewrite? De stars baby, the world could Be ours tonight Nothing like sending The wrong snap in a fucking Chemistry group chat I'm about to start Streaming all the time again I'm liking blackout Okay, kid here and Now we're gonna beat his ass To a bloody pulp If God does nothing Otherwise, for me, he's already Doed more than enough When is ending, cos? Some people have promised me Money on ending I miss the option In itunes to auto sort Songs by track number The Italian side Of my family came from Italy makes sense I can't wait until I'm able to seek peaceful Adventures like this Have you ever been? So woke you got angry at? A meme this guy has Women who do this? lol, report here with how lol I'm trying to learn I hope everyone Has a awesome Saturday Y'all are amazing I attract people That could find an argument In a locked cupboard I guess that, Erik Will be killing me next, but Hey, Storm is a babe Cab drivers who don't Talk during a trip, deserve A lot of respect You can get faster And more certain results by Poking your eyes out Everytime I start Falling asleep, someone knocks On the door, like damn Why is my sister? The only decent person I properly know I want to expand On this recipe, will you? Taste test it with me Nothing better than Listening to the rain fall Outside your window Yesterday I burnt My wrist, and today I walked In a tree, wow? When you tell people You're really struggling and No one seems to care How we holding up? I must admit I've started To stress a little Don't take anything For granted, because one day It could be all gone You're alive, don't be Out in public with such mean Looks on your faces Also, these are games That I owned during the time I had these consoles Well, my indoor track Career has came to an end Here we come outdoor Hotel room on A Saturday morning, hope you Had a good night rest What happened to the? Turkey wraps you used to have Are they anywhere? It's so amazing How Crawford Collins can make? Me smile everytime Barley midterms and I'm already done with school For the semester My coworkers like Hold up, you finally have A new nail color Life's a lot better When you just stop caring and Go for what you want Are you more happy? That the Eagles won or that The Patriots lost Violet, thanks I Just use that as an outlet For my mental health Truth, no matter what? No matter how difficult Or painful, Joanne College summed up is Skipping class to do homework For another class I can't believe I'm Getting sick the week we are Suppose to move in What about us, what? About all the times you said You had the answers The message I sent To Julie Britt is funny But now I'm starving It's a call center Interview the hell I need To dress up for lol It's the best getting Companied on how well I can pour a beer Now all the money In Vegas for the Vikings Superbowl is freed Stop sleeping on this [ Man Chris Brown] Period, my Boy, is a legend? Love you too, lady More memories to make and Polaroids to take I can't stop coughing I hope this is finally The end of it all We're getting too old To be hiding certain shit From our parents You have a mirror In your kitchen never heard Of such a thing, lol Where is everyone? From I know, not all Boston Fans are from Boston I'm just ready for April, then June, my life will Be somewhat complete Momma, oh dear, it's Awful, maybe double down On your spiked eggnog Somebody buy me Tickets to the Mavericks Game on Saturday Not really sure how To feel about it something In the way, you move Judging by your nails It had nothing to do with The London Hotel Time to start pulling My hair out cos it's getting Too long and tangled Today's the day not To trust anything you read On the internet Some of y'all really Take advantage of dating Such a good person Hang on, is Jackson? In Hawaii right now, how? When did he get there? Noble, ah, so your Unwissentiness of the facts as You leech off workers I feel like eating Disorders are so much more Common than we think Someone force my ass To see the eye, doctor I Keep avoiding it My crush texted me Back I'm happy I hope I Don't ruin nothing This man is living In another world right now And it's beautiful Sometimes I reply To people so fast, I look Disappointed, let me stop Can't believe Jesus Saw his shadow today, we Are all truly blessed? I wish Kodak would Stop doing stupid shit and Keep making music Everyone gets raped And the fighter pilot comes In clutch stupid game Don't you worry, don't You worry child, see heaven's Got a plan for you The only reason? I wanna move out is so I can get a dog Having a big heart Dealing with cold ass people Really fucked me up Can you influence? A ant upside down, try it And see what happens Recently I've been a Little fed up, wish you would Just focus on me Ty I did manage To make it a few minutes Late, but I was there People need to stop Being so uptight and have Fun once in a while Hey, guys, any news? On, welcome to the jungle Soon or in a while Oh, baby, why can't? You see, you're the only thing As heartless as me I've been so busy Recently, it feels weird when I'm doing nothing What happened to you? So strong, imposing, fearsome Oh yeah, I killed you Wake up to hearing My car got broken into Great fucking moring Good morning, do that Thing you keep putting to the Side, the time is now If the Eagles win I'm burning my couch in the Middle of the street Bye, Vienna, thanks For a great couple of days Hope to meet again Today today I'm Officially sick of the Snow and cold weather My greatest talent Is being wide awake when? I should be asleep Same, I remember Checking Twitter and Facebook Mostly Facebook l I just about screamed In my math class, holy crap He's so beautiful Fuck, stepping out I'd Rather go out with my girl If I had one, lol I asked earlier If Vegas was taking odds Seems like a good bet Jonas, brothers will Do anything to feel that? Spokes again, huh? I somehow have to Get my shit together in A month I don't know Eban, I know you're Reading this just wanted to Say, have a great day It's easy to catch My attention, but hard to Keep it, I've noticed You should be writing Like a handicraft dreaming Of a proceeding We are no longer Shooting our shot, we are Now throwing grenades I don't believe what You say because I see what? You do James Baldwin? September was A Crazy month, October, please Be good to me, please I was considered A private tutor for math Today it was weird God be between you And harm in all the empty Places that you walk Mom, you better change Your face before you walk out Me, but I feel sick I've always been a Happy person, but right now I'm fucking happy Only thing I want To do tonight is drink you Like a Spanish wine Saw a dog peeing On a bush today, what'a? Planet we live on Is there a problem? With unlimited cards on The app and website Why do you wanna? Go out and party when you Can eat rice with me? Don't drink anyone Reading this if you do just Go to sleep after My power is out But my wifi still works what? Is this sorcery? You gotta be in Charge of your own money and Your own orgasms Been thinking about? My birthday, I have no clue What I want to do It's official, my Relatives and my parents ruined my Christmas Go ahead and talk Shit about why we broke up I did nothing wrong Did Smokey really? Just fucking, quit over some Jokes, fuck everything State and federal Officials warn this could be A bad flu season Don't say anything About it until you leave And want to go home? Do you have any? Lay down package offers on At the Lincoln store Maybe now you'll see I've always been the man you Thought I'd never be It's really shocking Cash money never put out A Christmas album My tired popped on The way to the auto shop How's your day going? If my grandma say I look handsome, I know I Look ugly as hell I keep coming and Going, but I never leave Tee hee stay darling I must be better With my replies and response Times I am sorry They always want you Back when they see you doing Better without them Nothin feels better Then being laid up after A long day at work I feel so happy For no reason yet, I feel Like I'm gonna cry Hello, thanks so much For joining us today, it's Was great to meet you I hate everyone That keeps cutting in line to Get your cap and gown So thankful that I Get to marry my best friend In less than one year When you find someone? Who genuinely loves you? Never let that go I just wanna punch Everyone in the face in The mornings, I swear You don't follow me But yet you see everything I post stalking much Do I see, Darren? Telling others to sleep when He should be sleeping And I'll always love You deep inside this heart of Mine, I do love you It rains everyday For me now, possibly for The rest of my life Miguel is coming To our school and you bet My ass will be there My stray kids album Arrived now, I need to wait For the Boyz album I have a bullet Journal I bought with Nikki I'm using it well Does anyone have? A good joke for me today I could use a smile I miss Mac Miller Very much and his music Makes me very sad I'll say it again The adults who are obsessed With Disney, are weird This spider slut is In need of someone to fuck Me or vice versa Quick visit to the Beach today and I managed To find four buttons Someone is cutting [Bonds near me] Yes, this is A branch in my eye I've said it before And I'll say it again, I Miss Derek, jeter Jesus, I see what You're doing for others and I want that for me Why would you assume? I should use my training to Affect a Griffin And my girls also Wherever you are, I wish You all keep healthy Even the silence Has a story to tell you? Just listen, listen Well, after many Many years I may have to Blow Amazon, Crud Man, I really should Stop expecting certain things From certain people Basically, you just Don't wanna be alone, so I'm the backup plan I like spring because The scenery becomes full Of lovely colors Everyone here, keep! Arguing like damn, can we? Have one day of peace Nothing like a shit Shower and shave to make ya Feel like a new man You better fucking Do don't lie either, will it? Maybe maybe not How you gonna say? Remove my number, but yo Shit was never saved What a classy gal? That Rosie O'Donnell is Said no one ever My little brother Happy as hell they cancelled School in Waukegan Just want everything To be right with the person I want to be with I just want today To fly by, I'm tired just Thinking about it? How I'm suppose to? Have someone when I look like A fucking fat pig I told my mother I was hungry, she told me To drink an ensure I love Bella but No, a singing career is Not for you, boo boo Your dry season is Over, set your containers For the out pouring Not one invader Lively should be able to Cross our borders Females say they want U to be honest with them But do they really? Drink a little bit Smoke a little bit, pop a Little bit aye get You never know how Much you truly have until You go without it Life is a balance Of holding on and letting Go Edward Pans Day You ever looked out? For somebody that ain't give A fuck about you I'm so damn tired lol, yet somehow I still want To stay up and read Stay productive, stay Positive and keep all the Negative vibes out March and April are Going to be so much fun And I cannot wait He must got money What he do for a living? Why you play so much? The morning will come Soon after that, I'll return The full moon to you Like an equation My life is only balanced When God is in it? The president has His eyes closed is making him Feel some type of way I just want chicken Nuggets from chick fil a and My mother said no I'm going to walk Down the road to my uncle's And use the wifi I love Foxes they're Such beautiful creatures, I Find solace in them This user owns A Copy of King for a day Fool for a lifetime Why are you single? You're so pretty first of all I'm not the problem Hey, assholes you mind? Shooting a little less close To the fucking house Name an extreme sport Putting mascara on while Riding in a car You are stunningly I'm informed I'm ashamed to Share a name with you I'm not complaining Because as a man I have To make shit happen So ready for these People to hurry up with My car I'm tired A massive headache After crying out all my Pain just adds to it Positive that I've Never been as exhausted As I've been lately After lovely walk In the wonderful park, we Have relaxing lunch Bitches like to get Under my skin, lol, but yet Don't know who I am But do you even? Conduct to debussy while You're doing laundry Enjoying this snow Day with coconut water Out of a wine glass I really want to Call in tomorrow, but just Need to tough it out Dior, yes, want be Your company and eat that Pretty pink pussy You wasted all these Years you knew inside that, I Could never love you Making a special Jar to pay myself when I Make bad decisions To all the women I know you're so beautiful Please let me draw u The rich cannot sleep At night and the poor cannot Live during the day My baby told me My attitude, Ratchet and That hurt my feelings This is no longer Odd I wanna know why you Keep following me Maybe you want to Claim ape ancestry, but I'll Stick with the Bible Y'all love to Holler Bout staying out the mix, but Be right in the mix No matter how things Go here, I can never stop Loved what I love Sorry, I have some Irrection, so I have to stop Updates for two days It's not easy to Put a clear definition On beautiful breasts Better make it count Better make it hurt better Kill me in one shot All the pregnancy Announcements just remind me Of my miscarriage Baby, how long you? Gonna let your star player Sit on the sidelines Yes, this is awesome Your answer is probably The most unique one And still not enough Evidence for the children To support their mom A square won't ever Fit into your circle, stop Trying to force it Even in my worst I can take care of myself Not always pleasant Wow, Champions League With surprises tonight, what? Happened to Barca? Does anyone know? Where this sweater is from, I? Need it in my life Man, they are really Selling Mariah hard that's How bad she was ouch? What is going on? With the picture quality During tonight's game Contact lenses are So expensive, but I have To get some new ones So horny, no show Tonight, just tip if you like I'm gonna get off I have watched Palo Alto so many times, but It still makes me cry I went outside and Started my car and forgot I had it started Never smiled so much In my fucking life, maybe I don't remember Heard from the angels At this hour, reason cries Hash never ends Fuck everything, fend For yourself, no one's gonna Help you get your own Tomorrow I have Two exams that are very Difficult kill me I will never know Why people like music that? They can't understand Cool, I'm probably Losing my insurance soon When I need it most Sometimes I just need To let everything out, but To the right person Maybe if I stopped Traceping myself in my head I'd have a life, lol I don't even know Where I'm supposed to be but? I'm finally here I love doing drag It forces me to wash my Face every night As often as you Want God to forgive you, you? Must forgive others Coffee, I love a Cup of strong coffee also Fond of mountain dew No matter how cold It gets outside, I'll still be Drinking iced coffee? And I'm no even Sorry about the length of My snapchat story I can see Norman And my heart is just racing So much he's so cute I give fair chances Before I start distancing Myself from someone There's honestly no Better feeling than building A life for yourself A'm agree, enjoy this Special moment from your team Pep is wonderful I hate waking up Sore almost everyday, but I love the hustle I'm going to write A love letter to this piece Of English toffee I've never been so Happy about my marks need To kill these exams Inside my head, I See your face, I fucking hate That I love you still Does anyone think? President Trump has a chance Of a second term One day it'll all Catch up to me, but until Then I'm livin'life Going to sleep this? Early on a Friday night Is a great feeling They got Halloween Playing at this restaurant? And I'm terrified My mom is staying Home all day because I need To borrow her card Pred it, my sister Thank you, sweetie, all my love To you, beautiful Not enough hours In the day to fucking work I want this shit now Everything tells me That I should walk away, but I just want to stay Even if you live Up in the bush, Jehovah Witness will find you Gotta tell her that's How he freezes whenever? A human sees him Give me another Dirty, look and see if I Don't walk over there Today's question, do I go see a quiet place On my todd today Little bitches are Always angry and scary This explains a lot Happy birthday, hope You're having an amazing Day with your beloved Why did my laptop? Just randomly shut down to Go install updates Y'all do understand That we serve a unfailing God, right because wow Staring the devil In the eyes knowing he can't Transform my soul I love making friends When I'm drunk because I have So much love to give Someone remind me To name my first born, Michael Christian John Ana Uh, your play calling Was the story of the game? Get him out of here The woman next door Gave me a waterproof sheet I said ta Pauline Someone pay for my Pole music I can't afford It why am I poor? The devil tried to Get me this morning, gotta Be quicker than that Hardest thing in life Watching a person, uh, love Loving someone else Sorry to hear it Julia, that's not supposed to Be part of the gig I hate being mad In the morning, but people Are so damn stupid? I'm still wishing to Get lit with seventeen to Their Teen Age album South Koreans meet North Korean leader Kim For talks about talks I wanna go home And sleep and procrastinate On all my projects Why do I always? Get my hopes up knowing it's Not gonna happen I just want someone To tell me it's okay to Feel the way I do You will never find Another love like this, don't Be careless with me Money won't buy you Happiness, but I'd rather Cry in a mansion Seeing myself in Other people's photos will Always humble me Angerous people do Not need to put others down And or cuss be free Your girl is writing A sing about your ex with The help of an ex When did I become? So socially awkward and How do I stop it? Looks at grades after I busted my ass trying To pass my finals I can't believe Mac Miller is dead, I listen To him everyday You were refusing To be bullied and I am Proud of you for that You can really tell Someone's character by the Company they keep I swear to fucking God, I'm gonna be dead by The end of the week Has anyone seen? Burning blue, I think I need To watch it again I'm so so stupid He must be thinking I don't Wanna talk to him? Ugh, everytime I Talk to a new person, they Just get so boring I'm going to the Hospital, I'm scared last time I got lost like twice Happy birthday, boss Do ya thang tonight might pop? Up on you tonight After all, the mic Drop dancing, I should've lost Half my weight, hello Hey guys, I'm gonna Disappeared for a while, I'll Be back, love you all Everyone hits you Up except the person you Want to hit you up? It's important to Have a rewarding hobby Like bounty hunting So many things I'd Do differently if I could Start over again Someone pick me up And we can park somewhere so I can vent to them I found orange juice In my fridge, I can't believe Life can be this good Tucker Carlson is The best cable news host and It's not even close Just put something on The warriors, the odds were Too good to pass up Report your neighbour In my state, molesting wild Life is illegal I can't sleep without My fan, he fucking knew that I have no regrets I should've never Been trusted with a debit Card, but that's okay Yo, I really hate Stephenie, I ain't like her From the beginning I'm going Christmas Shopping early, so I could Get this out the way I can't stop thinking About I'm talkin'about Mountain dews, baby Tomlinson, when are You releasing the tour dates? We deserve to know Watch how funny I Get lucky, I'm not the type To fuck with yo mans Very rarely I've Been focused on other games And the holidays It's very rare, but Babies can be born with teeth It's just super rare Sometime it's good to Just pray to God, thanking him For what he has done You appear to be A tad stressed today, old son Something upset you It can only get Worse if we keep doing what? We have always done [ Man Wearing Apple ] Maps, backpack surveying, san Francisco on foot I hate ignorance Biggest way for me to act Funny towards you You're no journalist You're a leftist hack and an Ugly one at that I just wanna see What the dick do again is That too much to ask Why do I always? Get to ride with drunk people Some are funny tho If you really think About it, tea is really Just dirty water I've never been so Aware of my surroundings Until my phone broke Make movies starring Fat girls that do not revolve Around them, bring fat A secret to keep You happy and in love is From almighty God Look at my baby Bruno winning all of his Well deserved, Gramys It can't be global Warming if the earth is flat Take that liberals This tweet is about My bitches in Texas who? Never text me back Why are humans so? Not if I have anything To say about it Wonder if they'll try To make a run at Leavitt In the coming years My dog's tumor is Blooding all over my bed This is fucking, gross These new acrylics Are so long I forgot how? To wipe my own ass Artist friends, I'm so Tired of cutting stickers? Me biting my tongue From the ruins, we Ascended like we knew that We was different I just wanna lay Up eat dinner, watch movies With my boo all day Okay, y'all I'm not Beritre, no more this Chinese Food made me happy For Christmas, do I? Want to get myself a new? Car or a new phone? I'm just gonna take A nap since nobody know What they wanna do? Coffee is much more Funfilled when I'm not Sitting at my desk Stop explaining yo Self, nobody really care Keep it to yo self I wish my birthday Was today, so I could get A happy birthday October, I think You mean Halloween wars month? On the food network One little hitting Session has taught me a lot More than anything Each moment is chance To start anew, what is this? Moment giving you Keep it a secret That can be our business It's better that way See if Eagles win On Sunday I'll be dancing Up n down my street Lennox, Father is Going to be vexed I ain't Visit him today Yes, I'm going to Keep complaining till I go Back to my country I'm really about To go back on Zoloft, I Want to fucking die? Bois wil forever Be bois probably just a Bad joke, nothing more Michael and Jason Always stay quiet to hide Their power vocals So today you are Golfing and hiding from A Bunch of teenagers Nothing like the fear Of checking your bank account After a night out It's really not hard To let people know they are Important to you It was fun, Travis I love you now, don't forget To use the restroom I wanna go home Bitch, I been in the bathroom Crying all morning I honestly don't Want an iPhone anymore? I'm just in too deep I really can't stand Texting I'd rather hangout Or talk on the phone They have a birthday Care for Sydney now, my poor Poor heart is soaring I was supposed to Be in a good mood today Why am I like this? My mentors brought me Tea from London, they know how Much, I love my tea I cut myself with A fucking scissors, what the? Fuck, I feel so dumb It'll be nice to Win, it would definitely Save me some money Really feel like a Trip to Disney would solve A Lot of my problems I just wanna vibe With someone for hours, that's Not too much to ask Rest in peace, Johnny Bower, you legend, you will Be forever missed I'm just going to Wait for people to feed me With all the theories Get today done and Then get me to Liverpool On Sunday for nye We do accept that U R Bastard asshole, but He is not a spy Someone wanna tell? Me why it's snowing in the High Desert in spring Heavy breathing, Luke I am a homemade cum stained Star Trek uniform You talking reckless? But gonna be on Mute when I see you on sight I'm killing myself In the gym today, I did So wrong this weekend Can you honestly? Get anymore obsessed, fuck! Off min ur boring I still can't believe This happened, I can't believe We got a hope world Such a special thing Has been ruined because of Some selfish people Anyone know where? You can buy motivation Asking for a friend Y'all will never know Nothing about me again Everything on, Tuck I think I'm almost Ready to have a little Me running around I had street tacos For both lunch and dinner and I'm not complaining Well, I never thought You'd get me into bed with Ben Palin tonight I push away the People I love the most and I need to fix that Finesse is a bop Bruno really is the best Performer out there They don't mention it Because it's not true like so Many things you say Double standards will Always be here, just depends If you gaf or not I think I gotta Die or get ran over to Seem some flowers Like they had seconds Fucking seconds on the clock And they screw it up I'm hearing gunshots Outside of my window and I am very scared What about bless us? With a new album, thank you So much best regards That was cute, scary But not too scary, I think I can manage it If anyone needs Me, I'll be pretending to Be rich for the night We have decided That we are going to seek To agree to work Saute them live with Butter, garlic, add wine an Parsley like mussels Who wanna see the? Hume, I prepared, I think I did a great job On some serious Shit, I need to start going To the gym again When we fight again In an official game, let's Play our hearts out Have you ever been? So tired your eyes and ears Stop working in sync She addressed that in The follow up tweet, but y'all Clearly need dinner I never thought that letting go was going to Be this heartbreaking Keep control over Your emotions no matter How hard it may be I never thought I'd Say this about Winston but I want to come home Friendship are really Being torn apart out here Because of the fight Obsessed with coffee? Crisp would move to Canada Just for coffee, crisp Sometimes a hug from Someone is all you need to Make you feel better Someone please get me A Dalmatian puppy, I'll Love you forever Today was really A fun and relaxing day I really need this The radio played [Hamord by Tenacious D Things are looking up Grabe ka poetic ng the garden of words, I Need time to reflect I going to school Now, bye, everyone hope to See you after school When other people? Make my coffee, it's just so Much more fulfilling I am entertained By everything that takes me Away from school work I'm going to start Drawing everyone with masks From now on, thank you Teacher, why do I? Hear people talking, student Because you have ears I'm ready to go Home, but I'm not ready to Leave my family Why do my crushes? Talk to me after I don't Like them anymore I hope people don't Wonder why I stay my ass? At home by myself Okay, so now that It's snowing, I really won't Shake now, I love fall I have to combine Two workouts today after I go back to sleep Honestly, this was Me the very first time I Got my nails, did lol I love everyone But especially those who can Take it and the meek I'd rather work day To night everyday than go To school tomorrow I really wish I Know how people came up with? The bullshit they do Today I vowed not To pick up or smoke until My exams are done He is writing a Song about beating his mom In scrabble all night Waking my niece up To cuddle with me in the Middle of the night Is the snow heavy? In Glasgow, not sure if should Risk driving to work I refuse to end Today on a bad note, lol I fucking refuse That also counts, but I've seen people moving on Like nothing happened Attention, world I Found a new freckle today It's on my eyelid Roses are silver Daffodils are brown sugar Is black and so on? I'm enjoying the Ride instead of worrying About the future I have morning wood Like a yoga instructor Dude, I'm so happy I'm going sleep, I Have a trip tomorrow and I'm really nervous Got a great feeling About today, the duck is Gonna fly today Be careful on you Vent to a listening ear Is a running mouth? I woke up today It it's like everybody Got a new bitty Maybe they'll me more When I'm gone wiz Khalifa This deal or no deal Stormy Daniels, she Playing with the state, I mean For the Steelers to There is no value In the future of coins, that Leave user questions You're never too old Or too young to do something Amazing with God Tucker is convinced That my tummy will give him Milk, I'm over it Honestly, it feels Like I always need to have A smile on my face I love watching ads For the movie I'm sitting In waiting too, watch You may be able To give me an answer, or So I had thought, but I can't even lie I'd rather stay inside I Can't do suit and tie I just wanna be Layed up watching movies and Talking about life Sometimes I wonder What history books will look? Like in the future I'm in London, right? Now and o just wanted that To be on record Only God can give Me true happiness, I guess He is using you Violence and they Set up a brand new account For that own goodness Just like his photo And look at his avi the Rest should come easy You should be writing Like an alkali fleeing From a desertion I need an Alpha Male, but sadly there are none Who are fun near me? Since you follow me In real life will you follow? Me on Twitter too Except send you back To the single fact, give me The son of a bitch I'm not supposed to Be eating all this spicy Food, I gotta chill People on Twitter Be making up their own damn Statistics shut up This sermon was real Good people go check it out If you get a chance You're amazing, thank You, this really makes me feel Good about myself How am I supposed? To get homework done when the Jackets game is on Y'all my baby is Coming down to Arkansas? Next month, hopefully She is so stupid It's not even funny it's Depressing and sad The Snapchat update Literally makes me want To delete the app Well, I'm working the Evening, but still I get to See them and get paid Why do people come? To Malta for eggs if they're So expensive there Whenever I hear Flashing lights, I just wanna Move in slow motion It always comes back To you boils circles, itches It's way back to you My allergies are So bad I just saw flowers On TV and sneezed They have gone over The edge do they really think? This will work on us Never let your sense Of morals, prevent you from Doing what is right? If you comeback to Me I'll guarantee that I'll Never let you go Moving on is hard Especially when you know it's The right thing to do Having a mental? Medication does not excuse you From being a bitch That bayou classic Shit never again, I'm so Ready to go home Tom Holland and Nick Robinson, are Daddy too? Stop playing bitches I don't tolerate Liars, I'm a nice person Not a stupid one This team is nasty When they take every game As a business call Bangs was a success Thank u all for lying to Me I'm sensitive Imagine how much Easy, my life would be If Liam could drive Confession, I think About metal gear solid At least once a day Peter Crouch, O And Andy Carroll injured I Don't believe it, lol I really want a Daughter, but I can wait a Little bit longer Nobody knows how To say goodbye, it seems so Easy 'til you try I don't know whether Snapchat memories are A Blessing or a curse Gonna start biking Wrong or again fishing This summer, I think Sunday when he was Answering questions, that was One he said yes to Are they gonna have? Bianca, voiced by Milhouse Again, no, really My uni pals are Going to mock me real bad Tomorrow, thank u Riverdale can fuck Off knew there was a reason I stopped watching it Not really sure how You feel about it something In the way, you move Don't hurt the person Whose only intention was? To make you happy Being tired and Not being able to fall Sleeping is torture I emailed you A Couple week ago hoping To hear from you soon If someone offers You unhelpful feedback, say Thank you and move on Gonna wrap his arms Around him, he missed the fuck Outta him a kiss I take money out Leave my card, spend the money Then go get my card If everything seems Under control, you're just not Going fast enough I can't believe that My cousins and brother just Made my day special Candles lit music Playing time to relax and Tune out everything A caution sign, but That I wear around my neck To warn everyone I love everyone I just have the attention Spand of a fruit fly Pages ripped out of An accounting journal of A local merchant If she decides to Get back together then you Need a new sister? Who knows no offense? Michael, but I don't think you Have that much power We forgot that in Oregon, they put in gas For you, we were shook Y'all really gotta Put on a filter to say A couple words, lol These Xtra jobs are About to lick my ass but It will be worth it Have you guys ever? Thought you probably are not The best at something Some women have a Mental issue and we need To speak upon it And our love is A ghost that the others can't See, it's a danger Yes, I replayed that Part over and over when I saw it and laughed I'm so damn tired I just wanna go to sleep But I'm not done yet Good morning, all you Beautiful people who's down To hangout today Maybe we feel lost When someone is looking for Us in the wrong place Some days are better Than other, but today is Not one of those days So have white people But when have they ever been? Traced as less than It was supposed to Be nice out today, so I Could go for a walk This song is very Beautiful, the tribute was Beautiful as well I push everyone Away and then complain why My phone is dry, lol I don't always score But whenever I do, it's Goal of the month, lol Home alone until Like Saturday or Sunday Morning, but I'm sick Today, when I woke Up I found a pig, Santa A book and a pig I was trying to Change my mind about Millie But not anymore How come Ed Slaven? Sounds melodious than me All the freaking time Nevermind as if The club gives a fuck about What I really want Speed up your tablet Hide your Amazon profile And more tech Q A We wanted to be Adults so bad now, look at Our broke asses I foolishly went Out away from the warmth and Gentle hum of mine Do you think Harry? S Truman was expecting A scene such as this This hangover could Be worse, so I'm not even Going to complain? Listening to myles Sleep is so precious, I'm so In love with this boy Hope all the females Who appreciate brown skin? Men have a great day I'm so tired, but I gotta work on this zine Some more, I'm so close It's childish to not Like someone just because you Have mutual friends Have you considered? That your opinion of him? May be incorrect Granting all of your Wishes I ain't nothing like None of these bitches It's about fucking Time it'd be nice if Loesch Got new bracelets too She loves people so Much she'll do anything for Them derek shepherd The latter two are Probably near useless so You can forget those What he posted, those Three minutes after I left I can't believe this Hubby needs some wet Tonight I think I should go And get ready for People keep telling Me about girl scout cookies But it's not my gig My phone be ringing For appointments, I feel like I'm serving again My little sister Just said papaw is a goat He eats everything Okay, I guess I'm Single, I'm gonna go find A gamer girl now I never get scratch Resistent glasses and I Always regret it This country makes me Sick if I had the money To leave, I'd be gone OK, kids, goodnight May Allah bless us all to See another day Don't comment, hey, big Head underneath my pictures You fucking fuck boys? One thing I'll never Understand, is you never? Clog your own toilet E Vladimir, it's Keeley, you need to smile, I Notice you seem down Yo, what's up, people? New co owner and new lay Out and everything I hate being late And I hate waiting for late People even more I bet someone will Make the mistake of saying That's in the pasta So tired, I feel Sick n my whole body is [Aaching] lol, love that The power just went Off and apparently it's The whole of Durban How am I supposed? To enjoy my spring break when I have to work, ugh Why do black people? Like to say they almost there When they really not Honestly, don't think My brothers could do a thing Worse in my mum's eyes How am I friendly? For speaking to people, I Knows before you bye The longer you live In the past, the less future You have to enjoy I'm so silence with My moves, you will never know Who I'm fucking with? My biggest moves, I Keep quiet about people Really prey on you I'm not trying to Focus on the past so much That I miss right now Why does the sunshine? Make doing your planning so Much more difficult Sis, I'm just craving A fat, juicy burger with Some fries and a coke Why are you messing? With my emotions lately I just want to play Young Sheldon, really Be the only thing I watch On TV these days He is still very Much an incompetent joke Who will be impeached? Somebody find me That I don't really feel like It video, please Can't tank God enough He has done it again and Again, am so glad I'm falling in love With Jessie Lingard, this is Disgusting, pure G I already shared This but will share again, I Find it very cool Don't keep on wanting Money people have loads and They're never happy I just wanna meet Then, but it's too expensive Now I'm sad again I'm big on respect In order to receive it You have to give it My question is, would You really care, or would it? Make things easier I just wanna sell Drugs make a living off of It'and collect cars Starting to get all These birthday coupons and I Don't know what to do Then he's going to Drink until his kidneys and [Liver Stop Working] Riverdale is so Bad, but I keep watching it Why am I like this? Living in downtown Hayward is cool until you Get stuck in traffic The moon looks silent In the broken sixth month sky I like to watch it Crowd is filling in Well, for this one, not too Many open seats It's nearly the end Of April still waiting for The day I move there I always end up Losing the people I thought I would never lose Most people cannot Answer the question, what is? Your purpose in life Don't worry, Paddy Eric will read to his grave Stone every day Tell the whole story I can fix whatever fuck You and your cousin I just witnessed A Couple doing couple things I might self destruct J Cole's new album Tomorrow, great finish to A long fucking week As I look above I see stars shining brightly One thing is for sure I really don't tweet Much anymore, lol guess I Just enjoy life more I'd rather be home With a cocktail, but got to Enjoy the drama I'm never awake This early, especially on A Sunday morning Fame awaits the great Failure comes for all others Crowds win either way I love Taylor so Much fuck, I'm gonna cry she Sounds so amazing Louis is wearing A suit that's not a training He's wearing a suit HaTers can hate coz My boobs will still be bigger Than their future, lol So I stay awake And wondering is giving? Is a big mistake? Yeah, sorry I've been Trying to find it, I'll dig It up, hopefully Yet another call To help the Cowboys you can't Tell me the cowboys Never to this day Did I think I'd be saying? I just spat glitter I have ruined all My underwear this past week And I'm sick of it Black Friday is just People weighing each other In to save a score You can be gorgeous But if your attitude trash You're trash period I've never used an [Urmant] When it's raining I like to suffer Le nouvel album Des arctic monkeys I have Been waiting for that My eyes are always Watering when it's windy No, I'm not crying The Snapchat update Is making me really not? Want to use Snapchat? Fuck it, I gotta Get back on my zombie shit With this new album I'm a little wine Drunk, but it's okay, ask me Shit or talk to me Just because he laid Up with you every night Don't mean he's loyal Now that I'm thinking About it, I can't believe I let him do that The father sold us To be British, the son sold Us to the Chinese So many good quotes From this interview to add To the Google Doc lol, they hired a Black model, but never made Black Shades Amazing Gonna start giving The same energy and vibes That people give me Hello, we do but Sorry, Lauren, I'd have to Push u off the bed The mighty King's of Harmony you brought me from? A mighty long way Hembree, better not Blow another game in the Same series again One of my Twitter Crushes just followed the boy Drinks on me, fellas Ion need no plate From ya people house, I cook In my own kitchen A lot of printers And copiers are missing Blank sheets of paper Waiting on a man That compares to my dad, might Be waiting a while Bitches say they love My music don't know none of My songs tell'em, babe Can't wait for vegan Thanksgiving with Bae, I swear We both love cooking Listening to death (Gripps) For the second time and What is happening? A guy so perfect I almost wish I could have His babies almost I wish someone would Pay me to like exist that Would be pretty rad I regret nothing More than opening up and Telling how I feel Where can I submit? A support ticket can't find Your contact info Are you okay, do? I look okay, no, then don't Ask stupid questions Status note, Reggie Bullock ankle headed to Locker Room Wednesday You gotta trust that Moving forward is better Than going backwards I'm going to go Lay down, I have a headache And I don't feel good I live faithfully To Scott, toilet tissue, I Don't use no other I don't care about How little you care about? The royal wedding You took four minutes Of my life, oh, I'd only Waste them anyway I want to borrow Our neighbor's husky and Walk around with her Happy birthday you're Amazing, and I hope you Enjoy your weekend No offense, but this Is the only plot twist y'all? Are getting this year? We say Momma don't Worry, but we can't we can't Promise no worries Wish I could somehow Go back in time and listen To my own advice Long story short, what? Has the Internet done to? My moral compass Damn, it's really nice Out here, wish I had someone To enjoy it with The baby waited Until my ma left to take The nastiest dump I'm going always It cute, that's all I gotta Say on it goodnight A racist, proud boy Needs to catch his karma we Can help that along I am drowning and Livation and apathy will Be the death of me You more than welcome To square up any time I'm Sick of yo shit, lol How do you become? Happy for once in your life Asking for a friend Tired of always Sticking up for people who? Don't stick up for me Honestly, I feel Like I'm slowly becoming A better person I'll start letting go Of little things til I'm so Far away from you Removes my selfie Because nobody likes it Story of my life I look a little Funky when I first get up But I clean up nice Guy, are you trying? To say that their annoyance Is not justified? I really can't be Bothered to go back to school What a waste of time I do quite alright For myself, despite what most May think I manage I can't wait until Everything fall in place for Me, I deserve it Are you happy now? Knowing you disrupt someone Otherwise's precious sleep Durham looks like A Ghost town, am I supposed to? Be at work today I love writing shit And making sure it never Sees the light of day Is Gel supposed to? Last longer than a week, my Nails hate me, I swear Supreme Naim, don't Start a war on Twitter, you Don't want it behave Mom, life lesson first Four years, you party last two You get the degree My mama just cussed Everyone out in a group [Message today] lol I've said it before And I'll say it again, I'm Ready to give birth? Wish I could rewind To that moment last year, I'll Never forget it This is why Japan Is one of my top places? I want to visit Always the same age But never the same person Twice every day I feel like slapping Somebody with my dick just For the hell of it Wanted to go to Sleep, but I cannot sleep, yay What will I do now? Kevin posted this Morning to tell me to have A good day at school What happened to the? Report that Coach Q would be Coaching the Flyers Don't you know, baby? Only fools stick around when The love is all gone I am convinced that Fill in the blank powerpoints Are of the devil? Sixers gotta start The weekend off right with A Win tomorrow night Working at Honda Has saved me so much money On maintenance things I honestly don't Know how to feel about this? Episode right now All things considered About our country, that's A very good point I can't stop thinking About that Jones barbecue? And foot massage vine My mother going Fast with me, diss shit about Be so funny, young Beries, I just read Pisces male and she got me Rethinking my life I've had a really Shitty year, but hopefully My birthday goes well It's way too early To have drake jaded lyrics Ringing in my head I can't remember Whether I had a proper? Meat or not today Brittany showed up At Middlesex, just to give Me a kiss, Goodnight Crazy to think that By Tuesday, I should be moved In my new house Ricky is cancelled This is the second night I've Had to deal with this Please make coconut Happy make yourself informed And vote tomorrow I'm starting to think Klopp has overdone it'A Bit with his veneers I hate Ben Affleck In this movie, how the fuck? Is this Batman lol? If my grandma was A few years younger, we would Pull up on her ass Holy fuck, what'a? Long vacation you were on What a fraud you are Thank you easier For me to follow back, don't Know how to jump on If you keep letting Others draw the map you will Never find yourself I'll enjoy the rest Of the vacation, thank you For letting me down I trust people too Easy and then wonder Why they did me wrong? I hate people who Leave me on, read or ignore Me with a passion Hate people who run Away from there problems, man Up and sort it out This is just fucking My system completely but Gotta keep going Haters will broadcast Your failure, but whisper your Success, my dad words What the actual? Fucking fuck, I hope she sues The shit out of them I have morning wood Like a Mikhail Gorbachev Dude, I'm so happy Y'all senior year is The best year and I really Don't want it to end You give a reason Something to believe in I Know I know I know I'm too lazy to Use nail polish remover But I really should Kissing, talking mad Corny, just eat my ass and Call that shit a day Have you noticed how? Hot your sisters got cause I Have not, oh, Tommy Wrong up this morning To poop all over the bed Happy Thursday, y'all No lawyer, but you Are very familiar with The silent treatment Really wanna try Urban cravings, salad bar But so expensive Maybe he should stop Banning the people that would Accord with him then It's scary to think That you never know your last Admite with someone I'm crying in the Car I can't even describe How thankful I am Okay, I don't see Why that would matter to me? But hey, you do you I'm done being good To people I love, we can Love from a distance Why do you always? Keep on making me stay then You'll leave me after Matter fact, no, I'm Not even letting my bitch Fight fuck outta here Hopefully I'll be Doed in time enough, so I Can go out tonight This is exactly How it would go down between? My husband and I Everyone at work Has been so nice today what? A pleasant surprise Halo, nice and good But what if the car would've? Caught fire, scary This was honestly One of the best regular Seasons in awhile I can enjoy this Match knowing I don't have to Listen to Don G I'm surprised not A Lot more people are trying To get in on this I have a headache People keep making it worse By talking to me I wanted to tweet Something important, but I Goned what it was I'm so sorry for Your loss, Julian seemed like Such a great person I do not condone Bullying, I mean, these boys Be mad like Keaton Yo mama is like A gas station, you gotta Pay before you pump You know, it's gonna Hurry you, why you seeing that? Movie with a girl I just been ripping And running I'm chasing, right? After that money I trust and believe That nobody here would treat Each other like that I bought my lola A real sunflower and she Likes it very much Thank goodness she is Not a Democrat she has Beauty class kindness Want to set something? On fire, don't want it to Be me for a change We should probably Focus on this and not who's Hosting the Oscars No matter how hard Life can get God will always Have a plan for you Yo gotta pay me To pull up to a function Bitch I'm royalty This is gonna be Costlier as hell, but I Have a mighty need Ahh, I'm so sorry Ok, let's talk what keeps u Awaken until now We're so unimpressed With council density at Any cost foolish? You can also switch Unlocked targets now at will Which is pretty cool I'm annoyed as fuck Man, it's always a problem Bitch, I be tired So happy I left My old job, it's crazy what Gitter can make you do She's trying her best To tear the broken pieces In smaller shreds I only have one Regret I broke my own heart I'm alone again Success so clearly In view, or is it merely? A trick of the light Just because they are Curious does not mean you Owe them an answer? I'm around today But not much tomorrow will Be back to normal But the only way To properly complain is To do it better I keep forgetting I have on makeup, and I Keep touching my face Brain is doing a Great job at convincing me Everyone hates me But loving her is Something I could never do Because I had you My favorite song Right now is fly away with Me by Tom Walker I'm a good person But I'm not going to waste My time to prove it Why do we always? Gotta get bread, why not eggs? Or something protein? Oh, my goodness, why? Have I been staying up like? This every night My arms are always For you don't be upset, put On your cheerfulness [Money] The sweat is Gettin' wet around the ring Around your collar Saying I'm tired When you're actually just Depressed and upset Thornley, I did that Before Christmas, the onion Went in the bin, lol Babe, you never did Anything wrong, I hope you're Okay, I love you Knowing I won't have A passenger, which is what? It was so funny Her pussy is so Over rated, but it feels Good when I'm faded People on Facebook Really arguing bout Palm Beach vs Belle Glade I believe this move Is going to take me far? I'm proud of myself Solve down with me And I'll be your safety and You'll be my lady I'll finish eating Then start getting mad I ate Too much cannot move Man, I was sleeping Good hate waking up in the Middle of the night V is so obsessed With Daniel Tiger right now It's so freaking cute Somebody stole the Parmesan and red pepper [shakers] lol like why? LeBron getting hacked Every drive this woman Ref needs to wake up I just know jealous Envious hoes can smell dat Shit a mile away Only people who Call the fire brigade should Pay for that service Good morning, I hope Everybody has a stress Free Saturday, hug There are people on This world who seriously? Taste their own semen This cold ass weather Making my skin relapse, no? Thank u, I don't wan I'm gonna do some Research and see if we can't Get the whole season For this race only Turn up the volume things are About to get wild Ice has been tilted Toward Anderson's crease here Let's get another I saw Lady Bird Today and I'm not sure how I feel about it This better be a New Twitter cause we used to Follow each other Kelly, mi sit down In a nice, decent church Why yu show me this? Tomlinson, I hope You had a happy birthday And a good Christmas Chappelle show is the Funniest show of all time No disputing it Smoke alarms do not Last forever, replace your Alarms after years You will be very Proud of this comment by the End of the series Sorry for taking It personal when you don't Look at my stories Don't even ask me If I'm crying because we All know the answer Can you believe that? I'll see top again, I sure Can not believe it No one better come At me sideways on Christmas I'll pistol whip you The hairstyle color I'm trying for my birthday So cute, I can't wait Most people need love And acceptance a lot more Than they need advice Gonna take a nap After I eat, gonna start My new shift tonight It has been proven That I literally can't Trust anyone now Let people do what? They wanna do so, you see? What they'd rather do I don't understand How people can fall asleep? Without a fan on The older I get The more excited I get About Christmas socks? Time to take artsy Photos from the train and not Post them anywhere My heart so heavy [man] God, gracious, I hate Thinking about things? Can't wait to listen To this alone in my room On a Friday night Happy New Year, May Your heart's desires come to Fruition this year He's clearly not that Bright, I doubt he'll be Mayor For a second term I can say nothing But my facial expression Gonna do its thing Fuck, I'm so horny Today I've played on cam with Guys in one morning It's looking like I Might need to scan my porno Be nice to myself I lose followers And gain haters everyday On dis Twitter shit They started talking About you the moment they Stop talking to u Why did Dracula? Lire in the wrong coffin, he Made a grave mistake Can you ever tell? When someone is hurting and Just want to hug them You're so creative And care so much for others And I just love it I have to study To the last chemistry test But I'm on Tumblr Think I'll return my Selection box and exchange For an Easter egg My dearest friend is Trying to convince me to Watch the magicians What kind of fucking? Moron quotes Fox News, man, you? Are dumber than dumb Update: I still think The Book of Discovery Is an acid trip? Me when I'm adding A bunch of their videos To my watch later Be that somebody Who makes everybody feel? Like a somebody Of course everything Fun happens when I have to Put to for a week My mom is going To practice with us today This should be funny I hate smiling in Pictures I only smile for My ma or my man After all those years Boa still got this, she is The actual queen Why am I shopping? Online, I don't even get Paid till tomorrow Get hyped over A Block, but he scored anyways lol, this is so dumb The amount of times I've heard happy Thanksgiving Today worries me I'm having problems Using your online banking? App you owe me lunch Jack is afraid of Islamic backlash, he knows The Jews are passive Live in donations For any hate, my voice is To kill ur country Can you stop hurting? The creators who make the Content I enjoy And even if you Don't believe it a girl like You was much needed Really trying to Get into online shopping But it takes too long Working on some nice Stuff if u see it around U will understand He never confessed In the first episode, so Was he really raped? I was just talking About Richie Rich last night And tonight it's on Stop fucking driving And using your phone when the Weather is this bad? I'm not in Philly Besides, but I know quite A few of you are People trigger me So much I wanna expose People so bad, I You really gotta Go back home more often this Makes me sad for you Love getting added And deleted on Snapchat It's really the best Still have four hours Left at Uni and I just Wanna sleep and cry? I honestly don't Even know how I'm waking Up for my classes It appears there is A little lady who hides In the computer I really wish this Honorable man would have Won't the election? Looking for a place Is so stressful and scary? But so exciting I'm kinda upset I'm not doing anything For this Halloween Ugh, she insists on Talking about her with me I can't fucking deal Jamie Lee Curtis Made all her money off one Movie series, lol Hartman twins, I can't Even tell which one you drew And which one I did? Loved the sea biscuit Movie persistence is key And belief and hope Don't give anything To anyone just get John? To move his fat ass Happy birthday, my Darling love and miss, u hope To see U V soon Iron fist canceled I knew there was a reason Why I hate people? How is everyone? So fucking talented wow? Y'all are powerful It's amazing that A terrible Monday night Crew got even worse I always plan for A productive Sunday, but It never happens When will you ever? Stop telling other people The shit I tell you I'm going to watch This repeatedly for the Rest of my life now letting go is just Another way to say I'll Always love you so Why can't Amazon? Hurry up and release the Rest of Lucifer One more semester Of college, then I'll really Be making some bread Help me understand What all went down, I'm ready To watch the review Might fuck around and Forge my doctor's signature And go back to school Jesus Michael, why? Are you changing your name so? Much we can't keep up I forgot what to Draw rip, oh, wait the drawings Right in front of me I'm so tired of Being sick, I just wanna Be myself again I honestly wished My dad cared about me and Say he's proud of me Happy birthday, my Teacher and my sister, I Wish the best for you Everytime we go Out, man, I don't even much Be doing nothing Bacon Eggs, bacon Pancakes, bacon, cheesy grits Bacon and fresh fruit I was just thinking About this, they always get Exposed come playoffs Everyone has that One never give up on that Nothing else matters I'm thinking about Buy a pixel phone the Ads are really good You should be writing Like a perturbation in Love with a roadster I just wanna leave And only keep contact with Very few people Is love really not? Enough to make one person To stay in your life Sorry, it's just so Weird to see other people That are prisoners For the people who? Actually liked this tweet Clearly have no heart I think I wanna Cross the great wall of China Of my list this year Now, Daddy fuck my Pussy, really hard like you Know how to do it I just want someone I love to come over and Make brownies with me Who wanna hear this? New wave of production, I Got in the oven My art teacher put The exam for next week, thank God, I was dying Disting of your Time to do useless things can Distrace your future I've been eating more Salads and I'm really proud Of myself for that Gerard, be acting Like we don't be missing him When he's not at work All my exes turn In my homeboys, what does? That say about me Happy new years, Eve Happy to be spending the Night with Andrea Don't forget to eat Today, okay, I don't want You to go hungry My cousin, really Told me that I ugly laugh Like a dying cat The most important Kind of freedom is to be What you really are Ace will be coming Home sooner than expected That just made my day Can't imagine that Is going to count, but what? A grab by Chubb Wow Did I really just? Spend almost a full hour Watching an egg hatch? Back on the island Again, sung to the tune of Any country song? Happy birthday, shen I'm sorry if I can't draw Anything for you? Slowly, but surely I'm gonna get back on my Foot's and get it done Remember all the Good things that Obama did For Chicago schools Not attacking you Or anything I just want To understand, lol Because if you had A gay planet, it would not Exist very long How can I accept? The fact I can't imagine My life without you I just need advice Or a direction with this Odd matter at hand Waiting is the proof Of loving, but running is The proof of leaving How can I contact? Customer service, thank you And happy new year I've been trying so Hard to stay off Stan Twitter And now I'm crying I can't believe you Would disagree with a man Who has eye problems? My makeup looks so Good today and I'm about To ruin it, fuck Some people are just So confusing I'm confused By you confusion Kinda just wanna Go in my room n ignore My real life problems Don't embarrass us By your crass remarks to the First Lady of France We are living in The wild fucking west, I swear To God, I want out Knowing my husband I'm sure it's gonna be all Black and customized We're going to call For fifty years, high taxes And golf quickly with Maybe the boys did Go party last night, plenty Of time left, let's go Mother's Day is next Weekend, my momma got one Time to piss me off Having this mindset? Got me so lonely fuck it It'll be worth it If you're not gonna Try save us all the bother And just stay at home If you're willing to Pack, move the family I'd Welcome you to my There's a difference From having a fast car and Just driving fast, lol It's really out of My control, the way I feel Is not my problem? When you start giving In to temptation, you start Losing sight of God Learn to be alone 'Cause not everyone will stay Good night, everyone I want a crossbow Or compound bow, but I want A new pistol, too Not to keep being Depressing, but I can't wait To go home and cry What am I gonna? Do today, so I don't spend The whole day in bed The infamous is One of those few albums where? You can't skip a song That was a mistake Your father loves Gladys I'm Almost sure of it You don't understand Anything until you learn? It more than one way What was that, Papa? Murphy's deal tonight and how Do we access that? Happy New Year X Have you spotted the other? One of those in tod I'm sorry I want Julia Andrews, no matter The age difference? Mercer, this is the One I was talking about Our new recruit I will always fight For something or someone that Means something to me That happened up here In solon, just a ton of Snow out of nowhere Plus, the Marine Core Make sure ion miss a meal Always being fed This is a calling For me to be my better Version of myself Can someone make A? Cover for my album, please I'm not creative You God accepted Us as your children, so you Treat us as your own I'm afraid to take This pain again, but I'm not Fearing my feelings Happy birthday, mane Keep it lit and wavy like You normally do Let me get outta Twin mentions my coffee was Too good this morning Listen, I just can't Let myself take on other People's problems, lol Good morning, Erin Wish a wonderful day, see You soon on, God bless I don't like Johnny He's an ugly ass bitch and I hate him so much You ever just go? In your bathroom and just Pee in your bath tub I was extremely Responsible last night and I'm proud of myself Okay, give me all Your money and then tell me How happy you are? The real question is Who wants to sponsor my trip? To Paris next month Maybe he looks up To you, it explains why he Gives you a hard time Sometimes you gotta Thank you, girl and Show her you got her I would love nothing More than anything to just Pick up and go home Will I ever have? A migraine headache free week Waiting for it on Be careful not to Be a successful man, but A man with values I truly believe I need to leave Nevada I need deserve more My taste in music Books, art and men or women Do not concern you I've reached my limit With people and Twitter, see? Ya, when I see ya What am I doing? Rolling up in my blanket And not studying Everything was fine I was happy you are right I should of done it The weekend is here Go to a show, support your Local music scene I feel exhausted And tired and really feel Like dying tonight Love the history Of drivers like Durham Love To hear about more I don't wanna run Away, but I can't help it I don't understand This weather needs to Go away so my hair can Go back to its ways A beautiful black Women could come into my Life anytime now If someone brought me A sweatshirt to the Lib I'd Love you forever We're not gonna win I'm sorry I just don't have Hope anymore, lol That is a secret Message can only be heard By secret agent Finance is a gun Politics is knowing when To pull the trigger Paper plates, napkins Bacon napkins, it's never Once been an issue How about flexing? The Steelers Patriots game For this hot garbage Almost missing, but Rather hard at work at Rand Stadium, come on I'm sorry I can't Find a way to be without You babe, I need you Walcott, bake off who? Are you telling how to strike? A ball, U shit guy Oh, we have arrived At my Grandma's place, goodbye To all my gay fans Good morning, sunshine Today I woke up loving You more than always Sometimes I wonder If the US really wanted To be in the UN Ask him about the Other girls, especially the Girl at his house now That is indeed why Haley is taking names the Us will save a lot The question is will You go and watch those other [Mussica Black Dudes] Never then you lose One and it closes in five Seconds, it feels like I only have one Class without Laura and it's Depressing as hell Nothing but the blood Of Jesus, thank you for the Blood, my Lord Jesus Said it before N I'll say it again a hate Sleeping on my own Trouble will always Find you no matter how you Try and hide from it No better feeling Than crawling into your bed After a long day I don't wanna talk I don't wanna chill, I don't Wanna be bothered? Who did you inspire? You to be involved in A Porn industry, please That boy ain't even Catch the curve either moment Of silence for bro Welp, I always look Dub reaching out to people So I'm done with that Because I'm tired Of impressing people, let Alah, do the work I'm getting sleepy But I want to stay awake To talk to Yasmin It would be helpful If the oval office had An entrance exam Are you really A? True John Wick player, if you Don't use a shotgun Lying is one of The most unattractive traits Anyone can have Remember it's this? Saturday night, you have a Wedding to attend Notice each year you Learn a new lesson, but it's For the same subject I swear wicked games Will forever be the theme Of my broken heart I've never felt more Love and support than I do Right now in my life If I could delete An entire franchise, the Cowboys would be it Kendrick opened this Gramy's rapping for his life Wow, I love this man Does anyone like? Pasta with tomato sauce Or is it just me? I listen to Russ Logical and m'm so don't Fuck with me, OK? Who knew playing beat? Saber would bring my bottom So much attention Compassion will cure More sins than condemnation Henry Ward Beecher I wonder if I'll Ever forget the lyrics? For Gucci, Gucci I miss my grandma Physically, heart hurts so Much I need her here Pa weather has been So freaking funky lately Can't wait for summer Bullis has made my Skin so nasty, I can't wait To get out of here Don't even try to Come back to me after that One pinky promise I have a headache And I feel like garbage, see? You in the morning? So who's going to? Meet me at Depot tonight For the Yankees game New song is truly Amazing great work I can't Wait for the album Bryan Geer is now Following me on Twitter Thanks for the follow Hola, buddy, what's? Happening, you think I don't? Notice you missing? Who wanna fight me? Because I been wanting to Beat somebody ass And I wonder why Wonder what for why we keep? Coming back for more Merry Christmas to Everyone may God bless you All now and always Life is not very Good right now, but I really Hope it gets better I wanna sleep, but I miss my guitar so much My precious baby A teacher threw a Book right at my face today And yes, it hit me Cabinets full of Opiates are the reason We're in this mess This is my motto If you love someone, tell them Before it's too late Can't afford summer Clothes so I'm gonna have to Make everything lol It's okay to shed A couple of tears if it Makes you feel better Why is everyone? letting their children open Up gifts already Meeting after school Today because there will not Be one tomorrow My teacher, Carlson Used to be way nicer me What is that allowed? Anyone else feel? That December should be made A holiday month I need a graphic Designer for album art Link me if you can Party, what are you? Going to do about this? This is illegal Alright, I think it's Time for Android users to Stop using Snapchat Have a horrible Headache no stream today will Be live tomorrow Probably just took The best shower of all time I feel so relaxed I only got time For the money and pot and Dick, when I need it Think I wanna go? To burger and lobster in New York Tomorrow However, what should? I talk about talking is One of my weak points I'm going to try Changing the course of music One song at a time Gotta find that one Heavy just heard it somewhere Then all my others A lot of people Want oily skin, meanwhile, I Hate my oily skin I got my brother Starbucks for his birthday, I Used my meal swipe, oh? I have obsessive Behaviors while I'm alone How can I stop this? Is there gonna be? Another, buy one, get one Free anytime soon I'm preparing too See bad things outside liking My surroundings now Surprises are the Best if you do anything Make it a surprise Honestly, so nice To have someone spend money On me for a change People like u more When u work towards something Than when u have it Y'all so ignorant About cash app and shit like That shut the fuck up When Ikon said I Don't remember when I was Okay, I felt that Have my last final Tomorrow morning and then My summer begins lol, are they gonna? Make an English version of Mercy, no, thank you His whole body is In including the ball, how? Do you mark him short? I expect nothing Less than a championship This year, honestly Her edit's always Made me question my bias She was amazing Happy birthday, my Beautiful bea, enjoy your Day, sweetie, love you But you already Know what kinda questions are? They gonna ask you So I'm grooming your Son and you post a selfie? I see how this is The full version of Grown by Chloe X Hall is Really a blessing Nothing like watching The greatest Christmas movie Of all time, die hard Get you coworkers Who encourage you to drink? Before your final I want that, Britney And Justin matching Denim Outfits kind of love I'm totally sick Today I lost my voice and I feel terrible Don't attack me, but How do people eat bone in? Wings, I don't get it It could be very Nice, but staff terrifies me With their surprises So Daniel, are you? Gonna follow me before The year is over When you stop fucking Wit certain people, life just? Becoming more peaceful The way you carry You will determine how People look at you I'm out of wrapping Paper and tape Christmas is Recanceled for me bye Thank you, beautiful I don't want to be creepy Don't know what to do And Riccio, that's how I feel about the back space Each click is a space Fire, fire, burns Much brighter when oxygen Is the supplier? If you dislike me Please dislike me in silence Because I don't care My sandwich had, too Much vegemite on it, please Kill me, oh, my God Now you're trying to Find somebody to replace What I gave to you? We are about to Witness history, folks love Me some March madness Ok, that's enough Madness for one night, gotta Force myself to sleep Andy will ride A Bus across town in the rain To bring you candy I really need a Good pet, if I'm gonna have To be this lonely I am so grateful For everything God has done And will do for me No offense, but cheek Kisses are so sweet I want A million from U Sscapegoating is what? You do best so stop moping And just get a grip I don't always tweet Because I don't know what the He'll to tweet about If anyone would Know what overrated looks? Like it's Rex Ryan Me and my sister Are becoming very close And I'm loving it Time moving so slow Biggest headache ever, just? Want to be home now? I would like nothing More than for you to follow Your heart's desire Do other states have? Cowboy churches, or is that? Just a Texas thing Made the mistake of Getting my hair cut today? I fucking hate it Fuck my internet For going out for, like, half The day yesterday Hello, I'm still sick And still preparing finals Thanks for worrying Never question gods Timing he has a plan for You just be patient I need new music To listen to rec me things I like everything Kevin Hart used to Be funny, but damn he got So much money, Sheesh Okay, but this is Me counting my days before College starts again Taking my money Out of my wallet before I get it myself Please elaborate your Concern, our team will be Glad to assist you I really am just Ready to start all over Like I can't take it I'll probably will Not have fun tomorrow, but I'll enjoy today You guys are really Enjoying my threads, wow thank? You, it makes me smile I don't party on Monday's good thing every Day is a Friday Everything will be OK, just need time for things To fall into place I hate people that Try to make others look dumb When asking for help? This is the cutest Shit, I've ever seen I love This whole family So many things want? To trigger me this morning But no, I stay calm Who wants to succeed? Tumblr and just make a porn Blogging site with me I always like to Find the dumbest thing of the Day and here it is I know it's only A preseason game, but I'm Sad, I'm missing you I still manage to Wake up early like I have A class to go to Everyone wants to Go to heaven, bur no one Os willing to die Always trying to Be strong, but always end up In falling tears I'm more excited For the zombie prom than I Was my senior prom? Puppet wants attention And if I acknowledge her Presence I have lost For the journey we've Been through together, let us See how it will be Huges, I'm sorry, I Hope you can take it easy The rest of the day I gotta get two Root canals on the same side I think I could die I'm slowly falling Apart, I honestly don't Know how to fix it July and August We're added after the fact For no good reason Don't care I'm going To say it, I can't bloody Wait until Christmas Stop slandering me Like that, Miss Kim Jennie, I'm Only a mere fan Good decision, thugs Must not dictate the Supreme Court at any cost Tired, but I can't Tell you what I've been doing To be in this state Family plan jokes Aside, this is some weak ass Shit nintendo's got Really need to do Washing dishes and clean up But I feel so bad Meat is only for The wealthy now expect A Rise in shoplifting Under the covers With the ceiling fan on and In complete darkness You only have A Few hours left to see me Toronto, don't wait Nice, enjoy your time Off everyone is good glad You got some time off You can forget you're Celebrating with one that? I'm without makeup The monsters in my Head always knew that I would Lose you in the end I just want football Season Clear Cross Country To Be here already My new glasses need To hurry up and get here I can barely see I really like this Song I'm gonna play it til I fucking hate it I don't even cry Now, when my mom says Hurryful things to me Working on a new? Video right now like this If you want a hint The Houston Rockets Gerald Green had a blind fold On during the game I am losing all Control my mind, my heart, my Body and my soul I really hate when Somebody do that, shit it Really upsets me The hubris of this Franchise is unending and They must pay for it I have always will Always love the winter best Time of the year, boo I'm making fucking Mac and cheese and nobody And fucking, stop me I'm afraid I can't Make my parents proud of me For my degree show Hey, siri, how do? I convince my parents to Let me have a cat I'm not afraid to Tell my story if that's what You're trying to ask I love listening To baby sleep on the phone I feel so at ease Everytime I'm in New York gotta get a chop Cheese on a hero Wait for the person Who will do anything to? Be your everything Scanning with totem You imagined the crayons? Under the clothing I'm gonna say it Jersey Shore will never be What it used to be When your parents say That you can't go out tonight And you ask them why? Ikon spending their Free time with their family Makes me so happy Hey, snapchat your new Update stresses me out, I Don't like it at all Waiting for Aid's Test Result: So, Doc, am I free? To go holy shit Tonight we'll let it Be whatever is meant to Happen will happen I'm just wanting one Of those cute spooky baskets And some sunflowers Nothing in life is Guaranteed you have to go Out and work for it I think I really Have a eating disorder I'm always hungry What's gotten into? Me being in my feelings So much lately, lol If it ain't putting No money in my pockets I ain't hearing it Hello, Mary, thanks For becoming one of my Friends and followers Coworker, oh, you're Good at graphic arts, can you? Fix my computer Somebody take me To see Luke Bryan and I'll Love you forever I've been picking up Pennies all morning, I guess It's my lucky day I hate being up When everybody sleep, swear I be hearing shit Yup giving, Salah Absolute freedom on the Right, issa good plan I cannot tell who Is my friend I need distance? Between me and then I really would like To do anything else, but? This paper right now I'm a taurus I'm Very upfront if I want To have sex with you Status that offends Your core belief system and Or something you love Will you be writing? Sharing more always greatly Value your insights If anyone wants To go kick the soccer ball Around, let me know The only thing in The way of your greatness is Your belief systems I've been eating out 'Everyone I'm scared to check My account balance The only way in Which it's saddening is that He'd deserve longer Nothing bothers me More than not being able To breathe properly I was freezing this Morning now, I feel like a Damn cooking chicken Why some people don't? Like to give back to people That I need of help Hey, last fm could You stop recommending me? Vacu rock, fuck you I be patient when Ion, get a text or call But I'm the bad guy The highway is A Great metaphor for life, if You think about it? Our two dwarf pines In the front yard, are ready For the holidays I prefer to wait For the court to appoint them For me, it's free then I just wanna go Back to yesterday, lol, I Keep thinkin bout it You really have no Daycare workers over the Holidays, do you? This man is making My Ovaries dance, let me Go and ask him out Oy been distracted? Expect some more new music By the weekend, tho Surly, this earth will Pass away and we will all See him God someday Hard to believe that There are so many filthy Rat bastards alive Can you explain why? The can't we deport Afghan? From our country You should be writing Like a liturgy in love With a presentment Sorry, man, no time To argue right now, watching A sold out bowl game Jason, I love you Will you be in my Irish? Sitcom, ah, go on I will pay someone Right now to come over and Shoot me in the head And objects in the rear view mirror may appear Closer than they are I'm sad I'm fucking Sad, okay, what the fuck I'm? Fucking crying, why? Yes, I will forgive You, but no, I won't forget How you made me feel? Now I'm not going To run after people to Prove that I matter It is called Haiku Five, seven, five is how do? And now I'll try too Is this guy even? Real, I don't know anymore He deserves the world One day I'm going To spoil my kids with Louis And Gucci clothing I thought you hated Camp David, what did you do? Without a golf course I think I'm gonna Get a sexy sharp, Bob what? Cut, should I do y'all? Cory in fucking Canada, I guess I don't Know anymore, guys I miss fake sleeping In the car, so my parents Could carry me in [Galanis] I don't Have specific names, but it Happens all the time You need to believe People until they give you A reason not to Our drunken sleep Though we may never unite See it everyday Looks at temperature Outside, I can't go to work Today it's too cold The moral of the Story is, you get one life So you do it all? My sister has her School friend over and I'm so Happy about that Ben Simmons winning Rookie of the year, tough pick But he deserves it You ever read A? Restaurant menu and your Mouth starts watering Happy new year, let's Us, thank God for blessing us To see a new year My skin's so ugly I just want my acne scars And dark circles gone No one is going To thank you for not taking Your vacation days I'm only drinking Dirty Shirley's from now on I'm a new woman Gonna yell at you Tomorrow, Tash, I'm gonna Fucking come for you More about how the? Forwards play if you ask me You look up for it It's April, it's A New month with new beginnings Let's get it, Ivy Aircraft is so soft And beautiful, his voice is A gift from the gods Let me stop playing Everything she do, annoys The shit out of me Salah is the best Player in the world, sorry It had to be said Did this bitch really? Just microwave her soup in The can it came with? So crazy too, think This time last year, so many Things were different You deserve the world Never forget that I love You with all my heart I just wanted to Like, run around the land, all Day, all day, all day My husband just said We were going to win it Men are such liars I wish I could've Had a college sweetheart too Bad, I was a hoe I can't multiply That call a calculator My friend in Pre Cal If you're going to Go just keep on going and Going and going lol, can u believe? That I had sex again and Now I feel like shit Some people are just Born idiots, others are Made this one is both Wow, never heard of A timing attack before I read this good work I hope you're happy Here to help, cats are pretty People amaze me Guy I'm working with Said I love heroin and He's dead serious Emma, donald hughes The neighbours do not need to See your John Thomas This summer I'll be Wearing a surf suit instead? Of a bathing suit I've been wondering How I'm here, maybe she can Provide some answers I've been constantly Going down stairs because I Love cinnamon rolls They better be back With updates otherwise, I'm Gonna lose my shit I think I'm gonna Have to buy a padded bra Or two on Wednesday Why am I losing? Even more followers, what? Am I doing wrong? Hope that angels can Take care of ya until I See you for myself How did they manage? To get God himself to come To the award show Always say I am Going to have an early? Night, but never do The steel curtain was So loaded, bro glad we have Free agency now Y'all don't even know How much energy I waste? Hathing Bella Thorne Just gotta make it Through work today and then I Get to see Sarah My obsession with Tom Hanks is slowly coming Back into full swing Yes, breakups suck, but It's at a painfully slow [Place] And I hate it So spoke the angels At the judgement, Malice holds Hash always pleads I'm sorry, but you're The one with a cartoon for A profile picture As other headlines From Florida, tell us there's A lot they can do Also, I might have A nice surprise for you guys Next week, finally Wait, Tater tots are Potatoes wow, kid, how did? You make it this far Finding roommates for The Disney College program Is the hardest thing? Faul, this is A Lir, I have turned into A Mega hoe this year This type of weather Makes me wanna watch movies Lay up all day long It's okay not to Be okay, we all have things We need to work on How do I become? The person who writes the end Titles of movies You'd go extra miles For people who can't even Move an inch for you I don't understand How someone can talk so much? Yet say so little My cat loves sitting In the window growling at People who walk by Repent and hold you Hands together in the name Of God for one prayer Seeds of a movement Women, global health leaders Gather in London It's a Halloween Miracle Mom, let me drive The hummer today Only God knows how Much I needed these few days Off from work to rest Disgusting add a Dark shirt with Polka dot tie He should be ashamed I invented those Letters in that order, meet You in court asshole? I wanna know who Add the ta to the group Me in the first place I hate myself for Waiting until last minute To do my homework Wonder what happened? If was result of someone Or something he knew Don't normally watch The view, but I'm tuning in For my indy girl Ah, it's the chosen One, I predict this castle Will not be enough Does anyone know? If there were any buildings Lit in New Zealand My replies are quite Slow at the moment I'm sick So please be patient Proud to be British Today, what an event and? Setting wow just wow Bitches don't like me But they sending request I Just leave em pending Everything I try To eat tastes really, really Bad, I think I'm sick God, I love Louis Tomlinson so much that I Can't even express Vacation is two Weeks away, and I could not Be more excited I love Louis so Much he literally makes Me the happiest He knows people have Been waiting for this moment The look on his face If someone spoils me The new episode of Drag Race your mom's a hoe I'm getting fuzzy Socks and delivering them To people's doorstep Buy my nephew All these toys got me wishing A had a damn kid So dick of being The only person who does All the fucking work Cute date ideas Take me to Fractal Beach and Feed me nose candy I'm watching the O C again because u know What I want to do Show me your female presenting nipples and I'll Tell you who you are The amazing thing Here is that you really seem To believe this tripe Gupta and Patel Have to be the most common Indian last names This is a haiku About how Ros ruined me And my sleep schedule Today is a good Day already, I might see My best friend today It's always good to Know that I am not alone In my degen ways This cow reminds me Of my dog now, I'll always See him as a calf Okay, I'll go home And talk with Mommy, sensei I'm counting on you I can find millions Of other rude people there Are enough of those? A bird ran into Me on the highway, great now I need a car wash I'm just so annoyed I won't ever tell people My problems again Tonight I fell in Love with life, just a little Bit again, thank you If anyone finds The source of my profile pic Please tell it to me You there, machinist? Make yourself useful and kill These region, Lion You'll never catch me Fronting because I'm used to Be second and last Pepper and Tony Are so so so beautiful? I love them so much How's your cat, Lori? Is she looking forward to? A win like we are No more doing legs Gotta be focused on arms I want bigger arms It's time to focus On myself than others do What makes me happy? I wanna live up To these words, I gotta stop Doing all nighters? Yeah, I'm coming out To play tonight just took my Hair down, everything Some liberty kids Are so disrespectful it? Fucking disgusts me Why can't you prepay? For the amount of petrol You wish to purchase? First, three hours in Paris and boy do I have? A story for you I forgot to call My grandma yesterday and It was her birthday I'm a rocket man Rocket man burning out his Fuse up here alone A new command, I Give you love one another As I have loved you I'm so ready to Move away August is not Coming fast enough Hope Santa saved your Truck, it was crazy, windy When I went to bed What are you doing? To get better today, don't Tell me just do it Rip Scott Hutchison You were incredible and So was your music? Do people let you? Do whatever the fuck you Wanna do these days? Damn, I wanted to See, Goff, bring us back Eagles Been choking all year How to fucking heal? Myself if she's the only One who can heal me [ kettle corn yeti] Full and sex and the city It's a good morning I'm trying to live On the beach this summer, man I need my tan back Thanks for replying Anyway, that is what I've Been led to believe If Rupert Westbrook Dunks on Kevin Durant my Life will be complete I just want someone To act silly with and that Makes me feel special I love babies, but You ain't about to see me Pregnant no time soon Poppy got dressed up And ready for dinner, she Waited for Harry I just want pizza And tater tots or maybe Tarer tot pizza OK, but should I? Have my birthday kickback on Thursday or Friday Twas the week before Finals and I fucking spilled Fix all over me Fallas, y'all ask for The number or wait till she Offers it to you Merry Christmas, I Hope everyone is having A wonderful day And tell Bradley to Stop making Jackson Garage Jokes, it's not funny I get so annoyed When people ask to use my Discount at my jobs And stop shaming men With smaller packages, it's Enough, ugh lol Now I have something To think about for the last Half of this meeting OK, just fuck you I'm not crying, just shut up Man, I'm not crying Perhaps I'm not meant To be a leader perhaps It's just how I am Just looking for one Natural hair product that Will work on my hair I feel like Atlas But instead of the world, I Have you on my back? I always wake up From naps with anxiety And it's so draining The older batman Movies are better than the Newer ones, for sure Enforcementrs who can Only make tacos if they're Having an affair? Please tell Mrs Jam Riad is staying, I feel It in my waters Merry Christmas and Happy new year to you and Your family too Keep thinking of the Money, no work, no money No betting, no fun I keep forgetting I'm not supposed to say thank U fuck you Twitter For people that don't Really do shit, I swear y'all Be doing the most I'm tired just sick And tired of the fake ass People in the world This morning, I told Kimberly, that her eyes looked Like pools of honey Man, I'm trying to Bust out my parkas, but it's Not cold enough yet Tomlinson, it is All deserved, you are very Good at what you do They will never learn Because they are playing with Other people's lives My friends really are Beautiful inside and out They keep me grounded Within my heart are Memories of perfect love That you gave to me I lost my journal Which is a little piece of My heart I'm so sad This thread, imagine? I would've left along time Ago, hey no ways But I'm going back To bed and I better wake Up to some breakfast I watched Sweet Movie Tonight and I'm not sure I Want to eat again? Innocent thy heart Leads thee to a painful death Thy courage, folly Don't worry, I'll stab Some shit and get over it Like I always do Their voices are so Cute, I'm screaming babies do Stop, I can't take it Google, how about? Stop stealing human life to Train your data set On Cora's birthday The Sox gift him a visit To the World Series I get hot flashes Whenever I have to walk Past a pro life stand I get extremely Boased on Super Bowl days, lol I don't like football I honestly can't Wait for your next album, bro This song is golden Happy Friday, don't Forget to oil your buttocks Coz, you never know Depends on the bank Some also request advance Notice for large sums Go ahead and cry Little boy, I know how much It matters to you I honestly don't Like the atmosphere down here I see why I left This weather makes me Wanna go home, eat some of? My mama's cooking Listening to boys Playing video games is So fucking funny We saying fuck it And rollin off the Xan spleen Say no, I say yes Using your driving Lessons on everything else But driving lessons Snapchat went back to Normal, so everyone can Stop complaining now Happy birthday, you Sexy son of a bitch much Love for you, my dude Off to far away Land where Nepalese food is Just regular food Stop using mental Underful as an excuse for Your shitty actions Some people just do Not deserve my heart and what? It has to offer Time to dress sexy And beat my face even though It will make me late I really need to Stop bitching out and go get My wrist tattoo done Why did Bernie have? A Russian working for him? During his campaign Nothing like waking Up to bullshit, that makes you Want to die inside? Be my piece, baby If you want beef baby, then? You can leave, baby Ready to get home And snuggle with my boo boo And take a fat nap Today was a good Day for Topo Athletics A very good day Fun fact I'm pretty Sure your family will love Me, I'm really sweet Movie goers fear New Disney movies will lack The colors they love Just got done sobbing In my oatmeal, I feel Better now, kind of Just a reminder As to why I will never Live in Illinois Really wish I could Sing to somebody, son, I Never get the chance I wonder what it's Like to have a boyfriend with A mature mother I wanna read it So bad, but I gotta get Ready for my day Need to start singing Honestly, I sing all damn Day when I'm alone It's going to be Real easy to follow the Lakers this year, huh? Fund research on gun Violence just like other Public health issues Just strolling out of Work and I wanna crawl in Bed and never leave I just wanted to Say that at dawn, I only Think of you, whiskey I shop at Target Too much I'm literally There every week A ah, thankyou so Much but I'm not satisfied With my handwriting I know it's only We'd, but I'm thinkin'red beans And rice on Sunday I won't message first Always if they want to talk They will message you I joined the student Council, but right now I don't Attend any clubs? I honestly think This paper is going to Be one of my best Are you really an? Adult, if you don't have three Breakdowns in a week Today would be a Good beach day, am I getting? Ahead of myself I've never been more Excited to get Chinese? Food than I am now Women might be a Little crazy at times, but Men are just stupid I remember this Pic, but I can't remember Which movie it was? Hello, I'm so glad You could make it today, I've Been waiting for you Rivers of blood these Guys can do better, I feel For rivers, people Frankly, we're nowhere Near as intelligent as Adam was Ken Ham My cousin just did Some illegal shit on the Bridge, but we made it People are screaming And they need to stop before I whoop their asses Time to be happy And focus on the future Me myself and I Just because you tell Us not to worry, will not? Make us not worry It's fine, Bore, if You don't care, I won't either See ya next season Might get a little Wine and turn the romance up On myself tonight Know the women from? These bitches, I promise you It's a difference A crazy thought, but I wanna pierce my nipple It would look so good Excuse me while I Listen to sad music and Cry myself to sleep Damn, I really don't Be knowing what to do when I'm not with my girl Are there any like? Good frozen chicken tenders Or popcorn chicken? I just voted for Red marlow, please everyone Vote for Red Marlow Where is Aston Reese? Get him back in the lineup Playing with Crosby? Guys, really say some Crazy shit during sex and They call us crazy Momma told me, boy You better not put no bitch Before yo money Anyone told him? Yet he is not getting his Money for the Wall I cannot explain How little I care about? The royal wedding Don't wanna be in The house, but ion even Like people like that Make me believe it's Real or don't make me believe Anything at all? Somebody need to Tell Frankfort police I'm not The one to play with I can calculate The movement of stars, but not The madness of men Oh, God, we're gonna Have to listen to Ted Cruz Talk about Facebook Me aw the sunset Is so pretty Zack looks like? Shit compared to you The tiny backpack Trend is equivalent to Jeans with no pockets Not by the fucking Big banks, financial freedom Is your only hope? You really out here? Trying to convince people You're a good person Can lucente post? Something all together, please I'm slowly dying One of my talents Is kicking baby gates when? Stepping over them I believe Aaron Hosting the votes on one of His many accounts Self proclaimed to be The best person qualified To be president I have a lovely Miggestion, but no time for that I have work to do Besides cry, listen To music that matches my Mood write a letter Merry Christmas to You and your family and Have a great new year How about we all? Just be nice to each other And see how it goes Grantham, we're gonna Find ways to get our best Players on the field My sister got mad At me because I told her To cut her waffles The only reason? Why I came to school today? Was to see Kathy A week into this And I already fucked up My sleeping schedule Kirstin, I agree With this fully, you guys were Definitely something else I really got to Pack up my whole apartment In less than a month In a constant state Of being tired, stressed and Wanting a pizza? Because if you do What you love, you never work A day in your life Good morning, I hope You have an amazing day Love you as always She knew Billy was Alive she's just been in and Out of consciousness Bryan and Pat R Gonna be back together For a little bit How can a person? Manage to look this pretty Even when crying Taking my sister To Orlando, I could not Be more excited I'm crying ugly [Troes] I love this family So much my life goals Pay attention to When they come around, do they? Always want something I honestly feel Bad for people who follow Me, I'm such a mess Surgery went well Now just to recover hope I go home today Hot tip, don't bother Having an opinion you'll Be attacked for it Planning my future As a teen mom before I Even get knocked up People really look At me crazy when I say I don't want to work Double standard these People hate everyone I'm Beginning to think Universe, give me A sign that I'm heading in The right direction Yes, the rumors are True God is a woman and That woman is me I'm trying so hard Not to be extra with my Son, baby shower Many choose not to And too much invested in Making sure we don't Does anyone know? Of any websites that help? Analyse weird dreams Everyone has friends You like talking to, but you Never see them, right? You better believe I'm putting this hour set Back on my time sheet Everyone needs a Push in the right direction What motivates you? My dad is buying His grandma, a pug puppy For Valentine's Day I'm willing to give Up my life for Garrett, that's All I have to say No, Cologne, go home 'Sale gotta stay clean to Get in between what? Hope my favorite Ladies, enjoy their roses Today, well deserved Corn fed hillbilly Wrong type of southern, do you? Even go here, lol Who got an apple? Watch, I'm trying to do that Walkie, talkie shit This headache is so Painful that I'm struggling To breathe normally Baby driver and The force awakens I wish This was not the case Baby, come back to Me, I never should've set You free my baby Getting my upper Wisdom teeth out tomorrow Here we go again These two people, R On a date at the dining Hall, this is so cute Knowing I can't have A beer this weekend, Announces The fuck out of me Read this, have merry Christmas and happy new year Our Lord Welling My knee is killing Me, but I'm too lazy to Get up, get some ice Erroned, I woke up So early, but determined To have a good day I'm making a vine Referral, but thank you for Checking in on me Trust your gut, unless You're an ignorant person Then get a new gut Honestly, the best Thing to happen this year, I Miss U so much, ugh In other news, I Bought a nintendo switch and I have no regrets My parents are drunk Telling each other how much They love each other My ultimate goal Is to make my parents proud? And achieve my dreams I'm pitching a tent Outside the stadium and I'm never leaving Bret Kavanaugh, folks He refused to hear the case Can you believe it? No matter how hard I try not to fucking shit Up it just happens It's all about that Some people are around you And some are inside Anything to keep? His band's busy with something Besides teenage girls Hate to accept it But it's facts, my family Ain't worried bout me Being single is Something I need to be for Mental health reasons Y'all better not miss On him, he's the only good One of the two, lol Losing now means we Beat Xavier by one million Which I'm okay with I've been single for Too long, but I also don't Wanna be tied down? And out yesterday While our president sat Pouting in his room Chamber of Secrets May be my least favorite Harry Potter film Ya allah, protect! Me from hypocrisy pride And show off, Ameen Queen Ursula is Above this, put some respect On her name, delete I'm a bit confused Is bad boy red or velvet? I just wonder that Can Kevin come thru? My pun and hashtag daily Needs need to be met Staff party was fun And yummy, thank you again For all that you do I'm alright, Jennie Still learning my way around Heh, what about you? Why do I always? End up deciding to cook On hot, humid days It's too early for The pain and regret, ladies It'll get better No one will ever Know how mad I get over? Losing my pencil I really do base Life decisions on traffic With no shame either No one will ever Know the dark, heavy feeling I have deep inside I don't care without Tendors to invest there are No houses to rent Outside the classroom Birds flying in formation They already know Hopefully I wake Up to more followers since My tweet went viral Saul, Benson is Going to be on your show Can't wait to see it I registered as Many as I could please don't Throw away your vote My allergies are Making me feel like I just Got hit by a bus That happens to be The only way I do, fuck Recently, life is grand It's barely Monday And I already can't wait For the weekend, ugh Stop the invasion A country without borders Is not a country? Is Gareth Southgate? Correct in not taking Joe Hart to the World Cup I just cried thinking About all the friends I get To meet this summer We are all mortal Until the first kiss and the Second glass of wine I'm never going To see my favorite pair Of sweatpants again It's funny how Dean's Always in London, I should Really try see him I've never felt so Afraid to someone I don't Even know that much People really don't Understand how bad it hurts When they ignore me A bit of retail Therapy and hair booked in Makes you feel better I believe it's meant To be darling, I watch you When you are sleeping Early finish at Uni on a day like this There is a god X What's the difference? Between a snowman and A Snow Woman Snowballs Rose petals for my Mom, firecrackers for my Dad, I've got closure Just so distracted And unfocused lately and I don't know why, ugh? Happy Mother's Day Mum, excuse me now I can't I'm going to bed I wanna say that Was dumb, but was it really? If it make me laugh hoses are copper Heathers are crimson sugar Is sweet and so on That's probably why I fell asleep, the score was Getting out of hand My Valentine's Day Last year was so I'm looking Forward to this one You should probably Fuck me again, let me go Grab my juul first Well, nevermind he's Not washing his car, so we're Going to the beach? I am aware that's Not his birthday, but it might As well be that day I never say bye Besides, I just peace out In the darkness lol, someone needs to Give that turtle a head of lettuce to chomp on I like being by  myself, but people always Want to bother me? Ion want no bears For Valentine's Day or None Of that extra stuff How it's taken me? So long to watch shooter I Do not, but I'm hooked Take away my heart Take away my soul, take it All away from me Why do some females? Think having a nasty ass Attitude is cute I need someone to Either punch me in the face Or give me a hug If you're a kicker In the Pittsburgh area Tryouts start Tuesday Jessica made me Download this app and wow it's Ducking, mind blowing If someone takes me To a Chris Brown concert, I'll Love you forever Don't say sorry and Do the same shit all over Again, thank you next I feel like Justin's Clone is secretly stuck in Post Malone's body My coworkers won't Stop making jokes about tide Pounds and Clorox wipes Randomly did it For me, like, a month ago I hated it since Thank you, Darlin and I wish all of the very Same for you, Sugar People will believe Any and everything they See online, I swear Love you, Jim, even More so because you call that Trump idiot out I really hate school Man, I can't wait until this Shit all over with It only counts for Digital books we can all Be cocky in print The sad thing about? Betrayal, it never comes From your enemies Can someone explain? Why Jonah Marais is so? Fucking cute, I don't Buds grow sleepily On the cold river, wind blows A freezing midnight Ever been so fucked? Up and confused, u don't know What the heck to do? I promise my friends Better do the same if they Wanna catch me there? Elections will come And go friends and families Are meant to remain Guess I'm going to The doctor today, this sore Cutter has got to go There's nothing sexy About the Christian God so? I don't follow it Hair starts going a Little past my shoulders, me I need a haircut I just left Dillard's No one offered to take my Bags to the car there Really, he raised his ( eyebrow) and gently placed a Kiss on his forehead You know, garbage cans Exist right, p redeem code Throw it away, P I don't wanna live Forever cause I know I've Been living in pain You will never know How strong you are until it's Your only option I just told myself A really funny joke I'm Sorry you missed it You just playing mad? Because you will never be In my spot again I'm watching Tulip Firth, it's weird everything Is going so fast? Are you stupid you're? In danger, if you just stand There get a move on Too many flaws, I Just wanna dig my own grave And crawl into it I'm really trying To block myself from eating My lunch already Sometimes I feel like I just wanna quit school, &amp Becoming a stripper My future wife will Be attending Packer Games In Lambeau with me Gonna know who I was This morning had to talk to God, I'm all set now Just admit one bad Ace shamed you for having sex And now you're bitter Why is everyone? [ crying] Why am I crying? Why are we crying? A Merry Christmas To you and your family Paul, have a good one Moved in yesterday It's so strange living alone Is lonely as hell? Coney Island has Cyclone, the oldest coaster Running even now Fuck off, Callum, not Today, last job of the day And the powers gone Someone needs to jump Out from the parade and stab Jar Jar in the head Good morning, I hope Everyone has a bad day Today, except me Very few things are Funnier to me than jokes About Alex Jones No budget and an Expectation that we will Do it ourselves This city sucks food Is so expensive I'm just Hunger all the time Paying for his dates And vacations and making Him, your little bitch Tiny Lee, soo man Is sorry for being mean? To his tiny friends Who the fuck allowed? These marines in uniform To come on campus You've got to admit I played this striking city Like a harp from hell When is life going? To get easy, I need peace For at least a day Hey, brother, I saw Your movie, it was nice, I Hope people wake up An England team that Plays exciting football, what? A crazy concept It was comforting To know I had fallen and Could fall no further Why is everyone? Sending hate to you the hell Did you even do? Never drank coffee Until I started working At the hospital Now that Valentine's Day is over, it's time to Talk to girls again I hope people don't Start popping up and calling Me after this win A crow looks silent In the empty sixth month sky I feel at home now How did you managed? To pick a favorite track I mean, I just can't I never question My men, but I still gotta Stay sharp as a pen I can't believe my Birthday is in a month then I'll be in Vegas I'm watching iron Man, and it always makes me Want a cheeseburger? You acting funny? All of a sudden, bitch just Say you don't love me I keep trying to Watch TV knowing damn well I can barely hear I really just can't Believe some of the bitches My man has been wit My dog's the only Person that loves my singing I'm okay with it Neither do I and Here comes Tesla jumping up In bed with them Guess what I'm going To a greatest showman sing A long tomorrow Wow, I really can't Wait for volleyball seasons To come, congrats up Pro tip, never watch Inception right before you Try to fall asleep How many fucking? [ ladders] Did I walk under? When I was little Just need someone to Pull an all nighter and watch Christmas movies with I don't understand Why the fuck my relief can't? Never be on time Whenever I don't Wanna sleep for the night, I? Just youtube, poppy If you find any Cute items, be sure to let Me know I want'em I don't wanna keep Repeating the same mistakes But I always do One month from today I'll be in Ireland and I can't freaking wait After seeing that Smith's tribute act: I need to See, Morrissey now To everyone good Luck on your exams, I know You will all smash it Chico, don't stress me Bout nothing but getting more Money stacking it A staircase sold for Fifth of a million I'm worth Something to someone Um, I just wanted To let y'all know I'm leaving Twitter for a bit I hated the gays When I was younger, now the Gays are kinda cool Happy Mother's Day To the Wolverine Moms and All moms our there There are going to Be so many dick jokes in The replies to this Dance lily, really Dance when a dancer looses A shoe, but a wing Deathing sugar, but? I don't have anything to Knock out the craving We're going to eat Korean cuisine for lunch One good thing today I can't even fake Fall my favorite season I'm ready for it If there's audio Then there's video somewhere That's fucking insane Stop making fun of My brain cells, it's not funny I will tell my mom I really need to Stop taking dating advice From Yahoo Answers Whatever, drink that Is everyone keeps talking? About I want sum Zombies roamed around Buckingham Palace and Chased An ugly street cat Gotta show people Shit is going to get done With or without them You're a multi tweet Render about a guy dancing You are the weird one What brand of bottled? Water is the best to use For washing my hands I need your number Caughter act like you know me Not like you owe me Is Sherlock around? And constantly trying to Grab your attention It's time for our Nightly check in, what was the? Best part of your day I don't trust people That pee before pulling back The shower curtain I won't be able To go back to sleep until I get some soda He cheated on her What she suppose to do, walk? Around being sad I just wanna go Home and eat already I'm Running on nothing People need to stop Being selfish and release Items from their bags Sometimes, u either Handicap it yourself or go A different route I'm in Mama Mode Tonight and I know you get Where I'm coming from? A wise person knows That there is something to be Learned from everyone Alan Greenspan says He's never seen politics Like what he sees now Breaking up for A Guestive reason is really An immature act Write a letter with Everything they need to know And never send it I'm so hungry, but I don't wanna eat because I'm wearing make up Twilight is so good And I will no longer be Shamed for liking it Atheism leads to The rejection of the Lord And his holy word Just don't mention me Again, I won't have to get In that ass again A prayerful life will Reconfigure your life when The going gets tough Nobody wants to Play on a franchise tag, they Need to cut it out Sometimes you have to Reprogram your mind to stay Focused on your goals About to shower Find a movie to watch and Hope I fall asleep Your man was trying To talk sense into you, but We know how that goes Middleton was not Mean time because I cannot Be with a village Inform the shadows At this hour, reason cheers Hash always serves Everything is just Falling apart and it's been More than a year now I pour my mother Her tequila and I pour Up and grab a beer My Thanksgiving was Better than this, lol, so I Guess it was OK Being in the bed Resting in your own lil world Is the best feeling? Okay, goodnight girls And gays, I'm going to nap In my car again Finally back, but For some reason, I wanna Be in Liverpool Really need the canes To get Dahlin, don't need him In the division I'm so happy in Texas, I don't wanna go Back to Wisconsin So Jackie Chan will Be at my workplace today But I'm not working Darren Moore, take a Bow dead and buried a month A'Ar still alive Trust had been taken Away from me because of That shitty person Losing my grip on Reality might just trip For the hell of it I've been feeling so Many things lately, but I Can't tell anyone I never been good At talking and I see why Now, no one listens Hello, baby, hope You have an amazing day Baby, I love you If Anthony comes In the spa, I'm going To fucking, fight him Your caption says I Love nature, but your picture Says check my ass out Can't believe I will Save my sleep for what? I don't understand We are no longer Pointless, I repeat we are No longer pointless Why has it gotten? So quiet, oh, have I scared? Off all the people Wonder if they have A Halloween costume that's Gonna fit my ass I swear music is The only thing that gets me Where ever I am? Jamie has come home With food for everybody But me yet again Feeled so good shooting Again, I love capturing People's big moments Have you had any? Water recently, make sure To stay hydrated lol, I've never been A good student, Peter, but I will do my best Harry Styles, how are we? You Harry, how was your day? Today, all the best When you so tired Your whole body start doing Shit in slow motion Ever miss someone? So much you don't even know How to explain it? Ready, cool brother Avoid all soul gotta wail And wail, hey, hey now I really need to Remind myself to breathe when I walk up the stairs Goodnight o people Of the badger, may your dreams? Be sprightly and wry Holy shit, cowboys Beat Philly, I'll take that for The rest of the year Baker Mayfield should Be in the pro bowl instead Of Aaron Rodgers This man wanna feed? Me crawfish, God, is that you? It's me, Judy Bloom Everyone I know Is nothing to be treated? This stupid planet I'm not sick enough Until people start getting Worried about me? Puppets are cool, dude Do you even like Peas dude? Did you just shit, bro? Anyways, I'll be Changing layouts today laid Easy going solo I really hate pimps Especially them new ones, the Little fake ass ones Love seeing u play With the general public Man, love U lupo It's way too early For me to be putting two And two together All my co workers Tell me that I look better Without makeup, lol How you expect me? To know my spot secured when You don't act like it News, hopefully we Can get a good win today For our coaches Might be wiser to Think calculated, then think Past it to next steps The brazen does bad Things never came out of it In a normal state I've lost so many Followers, it's not my fault I have a life whores Tennis field hockey And volleyball at home, boys Soccer on the road Gramy just told me We need to start buying my Furniture I cried You there, emperor? Make yourself useful and kill These meadow, primate Did you consider? The Clinton camp paid fusion To write this op ed Oh, kung fu Kenny Killing this, adding Chappelle In his performance Money to pay bills Will going to surprised you? Helping the needy It's funny seeing My little cousins pull up They driving now, lol Terrible late game Execution, what the fuck? Is Brett Brown doing? If Harry wears a Ugly suit at my show, I'll Never forgive him Welcome to finals Season where I'm so busy I forget to eat I miss my parents And siblings and Lucy and Kristen so much, ugh People who have loud Phone conversations on trains Why do you do that? I'm single because You were to work at Cambridge By tomorrow night My dribbling won't Be able to break past their Defense as it is Love ain't ever been So easy, I love how you Make it so easy When I get engaged I will go to kleinfeld and Find my wedding dress Just had a nightmare About Kieran read playing For the England team This is all surreal Is this really happening? To little ol' me I thought I'm getting Better guess who's having flu? Now, oh yeah, it's me Thank you, pretty girl I miss talking to you, hope You are doing well Harry Kane is A Joke, he can trap it further Than I can kick it What idiot called? It'a chastity belt and Not a meat locker Mind is always goin' A million miles an hour When I need to sleep I'm gonna fuck my Grades up before winter break What is wrong with me? Whatever you say Whatever you do, they know The truth about you Have a beautiful Birthday to a beautiful Lady God bless you I'm gonna take these Pictures with my dad when I Take over the world Honestly, it's all Respect and whether or not If you respect them Layla, you got me On my knees, layla begging Darlin, please layla My days of showing lil booties love is over I found a new love Mum was only saved Because the burglars refused To give evidence I just wanna eat Teeter pods and marbles, is that? Too much to ask for Girl, are always nice To each other when they drunk In the club bathrooms He's been a disgrace Against them in all his games Bar one which he lost The flowers blossom Almost as beautifully as You, producer san? It's better to laugh With no reason than to cry On worthless person Getting my haircut? Today to salsa, dance on Your bitch tomorrow Rapper K Just what? I need to be energized For the week ahead Once upon a time There was a chimera and It partied with you I'm done listening To the news in the morning Shit's just depressing I can never love Someone the way I love my Hydro, that's my bitch Wow, he managed to Find an audience willing To listen to him I'm so confused in That my family still thinks Alex Smith is good I will kill myself If this happens in extras Against the Yankees Do that again and You're gonna be firing that Thing outta your ass It's easy to give Advice, but it's always hard Take your own advice How many roads must? A man walk down before you Can call him a man Even children sing The tomato song so don't Come to me, chickens If the music can Get me in my feelings then It's a winner, lol I'm really happy That lately I'm choosing to Read in my free time Brad Knox calling A college basketball game Is still weird for me Dude, Twitter is so Sensible now and stupid People make it worse Thor is so gentle And careful with people, it's So cute, oh, my god Jackson and I are Giving each other tattoos? Tomorrow, like what? Sometimes people are Both evil and stupid, they Are the worst people? This old man really Clipping his fingernails in The middle of Sam's If only love could Bring you back, heaven is so Lucky to have you I swear everytime I leave, I just wanna turn Around and go back I love internet I would never want to live In good ole Britain (Sigh) I miss Ceres A lot, but I really hope She's doing okay The royal's showing No respect for the Tigers Mocker, I love it Nothing's better then Spending this sunny day with Family life's good Nothing stresses me More than deciding what to Wear on a night out I want him today Tomorrow, next week and for The rest of my life Who knows the secret? Tomorrow will hold we don't Really need to know Be careful before You go to bed some monsters May hide in your head That goal is gonna Be changed to Auston Matthews Second of the night I like my showers At the same temperature, that? I take my coffee Your mama sent us Horoscopes had so much fun Watching them unfold If no one watches A show no one is hosting Does it make a sound? Greta Gerwig and Noah, Baumbach is my kind Of power, couple She changes her hair Style color every time She has a breakdown Do you ever look? At someone and then look at You've get sad When you feel broken And defeated, he covers You under his wings Are you gonna be? Enable to watch tonight or Will you be working? Stop bragging about Your apartment that you have No heat or food in And even then when? I go without him seeing Me, he still finds me Do things for people Not because you have to but Because you want to I just wanna buy A restaurant and move to Spain, is that so hard? Falcons are so ass lol, they never came back from That Super Bowl loss Exactly, we're all [Laughing] But we gonna be Crying on the floor It was nice living In oblivious bliss for 'Hait, now I know A dark, sad gloomy Day and everyone looked like They hated living I wonder if this Is how I really feel or? It's just a moment I think I'm ending This year happy, which is good All things considered Going for a good Long run with my dog tonight And I'm excited In the jungle, the Mighty jungle, don cherry Sleeps tonight, bina Dude, my cousin is Pregnant and I'm so happy For her, honestly Lost control of that Game as soon as Henderson Went in the middle I heard that secret Kid rumor, before do this Ninja got receipts He could plug himself In anywhere and buy stuff No wallet, nothing The toughest bitch, I Know is truly you, sis you? Inspire me so much Ain't that so, brother? In law of the pied piper Jeremy's front bench Twitter is acting Up then I replied to that Tweet and here we are I don't understand How anyone would want to? Hurry these animals Commie, holy hell This is disgusting and wrong On all the levels Our lives are built On the foundations of what? We choose to believe I have journals, I Writed praying for you to come Back to me, baby Everyone is mad At me, they must be stupid I am very black If you're having a Bad day, just remember you're Not theresa May You beliefs are not Your religion, your actions Are your religion? Newsflash on peppers Great info that I will look Forward to testing You fit perfectly To me in the loneliness Melch this curse away There are only two 'Grands of people in this world Doctors and patients It's gonna be so Sweet when the Patriots don't Win the Super Bowl And in plain English I love the dialogue, but A little confused Listening to what? My father says is just the Best positive cleanse Are you planning on? Going back to Diamonds, I Miss you on a team But we have enough Of our own durn problems Here in the U S I can't believe I Just cracked my expensive ass Palette, I'm so mad Am I just going? To cry nonstop for the next Two days, maybe so I suck at texting Even when it's somebody I wanna talk to I don't wanna see The new trailer, unless it's On the big screen, but The future is dead Dress like the coolest person You knew growing up Thank you, empress you Have so much content I can Cancell my cable This is a Russian White House, you know, Putin is [Laughing] His ass off I want spicy snacks But I also don't wanna Spend any money? You are correct, sir I'm probably gonna buy Around two cases Thanks for the recent Follow happy to connect Have a great Sunday I hate living in A House of Republicans I'm losing my mind I'm just gonna get Faded and record all day Hit me for features Why am I wasting? Money on Austin Rent When? I should leave the US Fast replies makes me Feel like you actually Want to talk to me? Let Jason witten Do a damn cowboy's game I'm Sick of him talking You should be writing Like an accident, fleeing From a dishwasher Andrew Bolt moved the Living room furniture while I was out of town There's a difference Between holding someone down And holding them back So I'm drinking I Don't think I've ever started Drinking this early? Is there a reason? My cat chooses to only Walk under my feet Kong skull island was Dope, just what I wanted in A monster movie One more bone headed Mafia, don blunder, please Just leave the office This vacation gone Be everything, it's a must I'm ready for it Honestly, what hurts? Is that my family still? Ask me how you are I can't even take A nap without my parents Being mad at me Hope nobody don't Talk to me in class today I sound so ugly Our vote is not Heard in a nation, that is Ran by dark money We call that Kitty Cable and I prefer the Bird feeder channel I hate people that Want you to drop everything? For them all the time X happens to me Also have to be careful While talking to moms Avoiding my room Because my roommate is just Too nasty for me Windy day by, oh? My girl is so powerful So nice they did that Number one Kelly Number Two Swift has the cunt Lost his fucking mind Mac Miller, may you? Rest in peace, may God comfort Your family, friends How is everyone? Doing today it's good to Smile once in a while I have an instinct That I will get my bracelet After my birthday Don't be so forlorn It's just the payoff it's the Rain before the storm Everything I do Seems to always fail, lol, I Give up at this point I'm leaving Twitter For a few hours I'll be Back soon, hopefully I stay listening To depressing shit, just to Make myself more sad I was promised a Sex robot uprising and Nothing has happened I can't express how Happy I am you guys, it's The greatest feeling Exactly a month Until I'm going back to Finland for Christmas My mom's buffalo Chicken dip has to be tried All over the world Kids always seem to Know how to brighten your day When you need it most Gotta ask why the Same songs each show so many Others you could play I've been mia cause Work has been killing me so I'm sorry, but hi I feel so alone Tonight and I cannot stop Crying about it You'll be sorry when I don't give a single fuck About you one day Alright enough of Y'all have spoken time for me To spill all the tea My biggest fear is The love of my life falling Out of love with me I never should have hoped for a father figure To come to my life Hello, please let us Know what the problem is to Better assist you I'm ready to get Off work, I'm not even there Yet I'm so tired People will talk bout U'and hang around u to So remember that? [Tactos] True shit, man I get nervous everytime I hop on a flight It's hard to forget A person who gave you A Lot to remember I am just plugging Random numbers in he will Never notice, lol One thing happens and I think about it all day Can't snap out of it Breaking news people Are offended by stupid Shit again, offset My cat is playing All by himself with his toys And it is so cute You are so very Welcome, keep drawing you are Really, really good When I text, baby Something I want, he makes it Happen, that's Daddy I'm probably one Of the nicest people, if You get to know me It almost always Hursts at least a little bit But good luck to you Rewriting my jet Statement only have a few Weeks before deadline It's almost a week Without any drop of cum? My dick is screaming Just sat here waiting For my beloved mother to Get me out of work And people talk shit On soccer players lol, dude Wearing a helmet? I keep on trying To change myself in order For them to like me I need coffee, but I'm not quite motivated Enough to get up It's always the white (Dumbass) Cubans, so yeah, I'm Blaming them again Why are we running? At their really fast ends and Not up the middle I'm nervous for my Second round of interview For the internship Even if I'm not With you, my heart will always Be till the sun dies Just means I'm gonna Have to learn how to fully Budget my money We may start seeing A lot of those walking boots On people soon, lol Loving someone can Either be the best or worst Thing you ever felt? I can't transfer my Data from my old account To my new one, help I'm reaching the phase Where I need a guy partner Like others, ke ni People who talk to 'They are more likely to Have a high I Q Brad on the sidelines Is nothing but love right now? And I live for it It feels really good To have people who love and Care for you in life I'm a completely Disaster and I know that But I still want you I'm scaring myself 'Cause I'm not even trying To start my essay The only good part Of funerals is how tight Everyone holds you Probably won't be Getting any sleep for the? Next few weeks or so Doing stuff by my Lonely is new, but I'm sure I'll get used to it Wait, red velvet was In Chicago tonight, what? The actual fuck? If the Eagles go To the Super Bowl, that will Be one for the books Oh, surprise surprise Her nasty sugar cookies Tasted like sawdust Terrence I would make An Arnold Palmer of Two Options if I could Yes, I am crying Watching oh my girl stages No, I'm not ashamed I never knew how Much I needed, the greatest Showman in my life I die laughing when Folks be making videos Do the little wink Good morning to all Have a wonderful day and Be kind to others Always trying my Best for people who choose to See the worst in me Stop giving passes To white women squad came to Her trash ass wedding OK with the temps Like this, I see pumpkin beer In my weekend plans Th more that sign Up the harder it will be To get rid of it Told myself I ain't Going back told myself it Ain't going like that Which is pretty good Because I am the best at Misplacing my things It's a toboggan You never know when you might Find a snowy hill Yeah, well, having a TV for a head makes you Look like an asshole This lady whose name? I forgot has my keyboard I need that shit back Is Beta Beach Dog? Friendly, I think it used to Be but no longer Lemme, finish this Breakfast club interview with The King of New York I forgot to put An add shot in my coffee And it's disgusting I'm really a bad When it comes to texting or? Calling people back Follow me, please on The day you did follow, Spree I was not online Everytime I come To Mansfield, I'm shook at how Different, it looks Christmas morning is For eating peanut butter Cups before breakfast Wow, I can't believe I'm going to Boston and New York in July You can't progress in Life worrying about what? People think of you This month is either Gonna be a dream, come true Or my worst nightmare One day someone will Cherish and treat me the way I'm supposed to be I hate when ugly Hoes, get on Twitter trying To preach ugly ass Since Christmas is on Monday, I guess I'll do my Shopping on Friday What time u open? On boxing days, which is your? First shop that opens I can't stop thinking About how I'm going to Decorate my house It's okay to be Sad, but it's not okay to Be sad for too long And I don't wanna Pressure you, but I think you Need to make a move People are for the Hype, I promise y'all I can't Make this shit up, lol I've got a tummy Ach, someone come baby me I need my mommy This is not goodbye I know we'll meet again so Let your life begin The mall probably Packed as hell, I don't wanna Go, but I need to Been awake half the Night this is going to be A long fucking day Some people deserve Everything good in this world While others do not I lost the little Piece that attaches to the Aux for the iPhone You might've failed A Test, but you always gotta Look like a bad bitch I really love this Meaning, but I keep thinking About the context Sam Darnold is not Going to New York at least? Not to the giants I am still awake I am still hungry and I I'm still a dumb bitch All I'm saying is Technically, God ain't ask For Mary's consent Be on the lookout For me opening a school In the next few years I need more content Between Phantom Promenace and Attack of the clones I don't consider Women who fuck on the first Night Hoes never will How am I supposed? To make love with someone who Don't even know, love Sorry, I'm not a Small can't get rid of me Unless you kill me That was the weirdest Buildup to the world's weakest (Creator) Ms Stella What are the orders? Of your books, I finally Got a kindle app And the memories I never can escape 'cause I'm not fine at all Meek Mill is going To jail again, I swear to God, hey don't be mean My favorite pen Is already running out? Of ink one week in It would be better If we had never met and I was left alone Once upon a time There was a death eater and It abducted you Sister Ruth Fox, May God bless you with discomfort And easy answers You know them, people Who watch one story in hopes? Of you peeping them Dahlia Black loses To session moth martina In a singles match I just spilled coffee On my white sweater, I can't Have anything nice Such a lazy day Very slow nano building And some tea mostly The hoes are laughing Yep, so the audience is A bunch of hoes, Yep Just wanna thank God For allowing me to get My own apartment Morning Rachael, just Wanted to say hello, how? Are you this morning? Dear writers, Tony Will respond to messages When he feels like it I follow you as My guidance, I would like to Take you as guider It's hard to accept The fact that everybody Not meant for you but utter nonsense, I Feel bad for the people who Listen to this man I kinda want to Redo my threads or would I? Be too annoying Name something sadder Than tomorrow is Monday Already I'll wait Another great team Win by the Redskins very Proud of our kids I'm on crack because I scheduled way too many Events on Friday Knowing is nothing Applying what you know is Everything, Bruce Lee I pulled a muscle In my side from coughing with This Bronchitis ouch Maybe it's just A Huge waste of time trying to Recoup the losses There is a secret I've been keeping a story True and genuine I really can't fuck With nobody, so think we Got something going I would be happy If someone would gift me with A case for my phone I'll never attend A club where women go in Free, you must be mad I look prettier In older pictures than I Do now and it sucks I'm going to stay Here today, but then I will Log off for the month Also, this momma Keeped receipts so you and your Girl, better watch out I can't handle this I'm gonna cry myself to Sleep like a loser Regret not going To my senior prom, so bad Why was I so dumb? I mean, it's only A four hour flight I'll see You when you get here? Somebody go with Me to Baskin Robbins or Cold Stone tomorrow I cannot stress this Enough lending, friend's money Can end a friendship Keep safe, everyone And don't forget to pray for The safety of all I reckon he will Do fine under Murphy and The new formation One day my mother's Name will forever live on Through me, I promise Me, I'm gonna take Better care of my body Also, me has milk Drake really said it Best I'm really too young to Be feeling this old I hate getting up Early and going to work But I love money Wait, so you're saying You had to bargain terms with A kid and you lost Honestly, I can't Wait to move from Croatia I hate everything Edward wanting to Be a rich Chinese lady Is my kind of mood? Losing you was the Worst decision I've made but It was for the best Great work, Barbara And colleagues so welcoming And caring, thank you Dirk opens the third With a J ingram counters At the other end Tony Stark deserves A happy ending, let him Have it, you cowards Lord, whatever you're Doing in this season don't Do it without me I wanna hang up The banners and things too, I Got so many things If you are going To kill someone might as well Be a hooker, right? Just got an email Saying I made the Dean's list And yes, I'm crying So Ryan, are you? Hooking me up, my guy I'm Ready for tonight Everyone needs to Watch this, gave me everything I needed and more Wherever you take? Me wherever you lead you'll Know where to find me? Loyalt that, Kylie Jenner got to eat tacos From a taco truck Need to start locking My phone before I put it In my pocket, lol I rebuke this cold Trying to come for me in The name of Jesus I really want to Go to this concert next month But no one is down Why do almost all? Old people use voice to text Feature when texting It's easy, Harry Winston Ring Otherwise I'm Not getting married We are going out For a break, do not panic We will return soon You're gonna regret Everything once, someone else Brings me happiness Maybe one day I'll Meet someone who looks at me And sees forever I hate when people Don't know how to take orders When you order food? Work is too quiet And I know things are about To get crazy soon Hey, do you believe? In past lives, do you believe? You remember them? And it's aw brilliant Not oh, brilliant, just in case You were wondering Thoughts are going by Like a river awareness Simply, is Ram Dash? Okay, but like what? Happened to dove, but yes, the Titans are forming It's a coffee cup That squeaks it operates on A quantum level You'll be okay, I Promise you will be okay Hang on and push on People do some foul Ass shit wanna be mad when? You move different I've never use the Words, melancholy and good In the same sentence I want to listen To logic, preach all day I 'Truly love this man Cutting my hair was Probably the best thing I've Doed so far this week If he don't mumble Shit under his breath, yo sis Ain't hitting on shit I went ice skating And I'm terrible it and My feet are so cold Today was a year Since I lost my grandpa, I Miss him all the time Guess who got monster? Hunter World C I need to Learn to dodge better So my boyfriend just? Got arrested, they let me Keep the wax at least Just going to run The ball because they do not Really want to score My ultimate goal Is to move out this city? People so ruthless I've always wanted To surprise party, maybe One day I'll get one Alright, it's time to Find out idiot brothers She yells determined Just voted my first Anguana, I think I did A pretty good job Nobody knows how The story ends live the day Doing what you can I love Tennessee I've got a lot of orange Blood in my body Me banging pots and Pans and tattooing glimmer On my ass, hello This snow is getting Boasing now, please politely Fuck off, thanking you I'm eating all the Calories I just burned with A tub of ice cream Talent is a gift Elite is a choice, what are? You willing to give? Terrence gore really Looks like he won a contest To be on the team A freezing midday Crying on the riverbank Lively by the cave Whenever you hear The washing machine noise run As fast as you can I'm never going Out again, honestly last Night was terrible Whenever I wake Up, I always think about What makes me anxious? The red hot chili Peppers were honestly sent To us by angels I need someone to Cuddle me until I fall Sleeping in your arms Is not welcome here? This timeline is covered by The blood of Jesus It was a lawless Bloody time for the forest And many cats died I really need them But they're already sold out And I'm really poor All I wanna know Is where the party's at and? Can I bring my cat? I'll always love you But tonight is the day I Choose to walk away Stop complaining and Do what you gotta do to Survive in this world Maybe someone should Ask Bobby what we should do Take it up the ass I have grown adults [Mocking me] and stalking my Twitter, I hate this I hate feelings, I Hate emotions, I hate it All fuck it, fuck you I just got really Sad because I remembered My lunch sucks today Hi just wondering Did you guys provide wifi? In the venue, thanks I'm gonna try to Go to chick fil a after I get my paycheck I'm over staring At the computer, I wish It could type itself I'm so tired of This stupid ass car just had Another blow out Phillies are brutal To watch thank God the Eagles Won't the Super Bowl? I would rather live Anywhere else in the world? Than San Francisco I'm falling for him More more by the minute and I can't stop myself Tomlinson, you could Tweet about the single I Want to know the name? Stop giving people Multiple chances to do The same thing to you Watch the cockroaches As they run for shelter, bring Down the Democrats I miss my fucking Dog yo she thinks I'm coming Home this weekend, too I really need to Start wearing my glasses more [stuff getting blurry] Tag your favorite Designer and show it how Much you admire him Will you be able? To wear natural colour Tights for me later God fucking damn it I hate the Patriots and The sport of football Inform the angels In this setting, virtue slips Evil always grows Have you guys voted? Early or are you waiting? For election day I really want to Start up acting, but I feel Like I'm way too late I had more service In the mountains than I do At home, what the fuck? I'm spending my time Just waiting for her to give Me a final sign Probably will be The only person not watch The awards tonight Love this, hopefully Someone else was happy though We can only hope Why has my wifi? Been so shitty recently I can't deal with this I'm going to kill Myself, it's better this way I'll see you soon, Dad I am having the Worst day ever, just want to Get in bed and sob I hate slow drivers And people who press on their Breaths for no reason A Christmas party Game character made out of A rock hard cocoon I'm so happy, Gas Has decided to go down During duck season I now understand Why ladies live longer than? Men, what is this now? I liked Dale Winton To be honest, he seemed like A good egg to me Having a standing Desk for a short person is An odd sight to see Kinda want it to Snow, but I kinda want it To be summer now Hey, Jason, sentell Thanks for the follow, I hope You enjoy my page Judge Judy on one Screen curling on the other I am entertained Finally made it Home now to get ready for Work in an hour Sorry, I don't want To hear that again, I no Longer believe it When are you going? To fix updating garage Lag after each match Last night was really All I needed, I'm ready To go back home now People who are down For just about anything Are my favorite? Today was the first Day of the new year, lovely It was just lovely My thoughts exactly Who are the idiots who? Attend these rallies Living alone is So lonely someone wanna? Have a sleepover X really made skins For his supporters, he knew He was gonna pass How you gonna ask? If I'm hitting legs while I'm On the leg press, lol The haunting of the Hill House reminds me of the First season of AHS Pride is the quickest Way to separate yourself From God, Pastor Troy I'm not going to Look anymore, but when you Find me, I'll be here I need stop wasting My precious time, why do I? Do this to myself So which team gonna? Throw the bag at Alex Smith In the off season Can't be bothered to Watch strictly final because You should be in it If anyone needs To talk, please message me I Want to try and help? Honest death at this Stage I want to forget you Enough is enough Damn, it'd be great If someone's wildly making Out with me right now Why am I always? So tired, but when I have Time to sleep, I can't I'm always weak when Levi wears casual clothes It's such a good luck Go fuck yourself with Your atom bomb I don't feel Good don't bother me Another great speech From David Harbour while he's Winning his award? Wonderful, this will Increase our safety, thank You President Trump? My revenge complex Was strong tonight, but I did Not achieve my goal Maybe one man is Deserving of love on the Brain by Rihanna Hurry my own feelings Expecting people to care As much as I do Having feelings is The literal worst I wish U could turn them off I'm to God someone Anyone get this madman? Out of the whitehouse Maybe it's all the Goals, but I'm not hating this Away kit right now Yo go ahead and Hate candy, corn, I just want To know who hurt you When I'm with someone You'll know it, but until then I'm just passing time Just a few inches High on the shots, maybe I'll Hit the net next game What's the matter, you? Decided you want to live? Forever, let's go Sadly, quite true, but Fixable if you just talk To us a lot more When people make poor Decisions but try to tell You about your self? Dammit, I just took A good shower, but now I Want to exercise? She's just a token Congresswoman, she should be Riding in baggage Hi, can you suggest? Me some good movies to watch Thank you very much The worst feeling is Is having love for someone? You don't even know No matter how dark It gets the sun's gonna rise Again, don't give up I'll never forget About the people who helped Me at my lowest Don't wait for others To make you happy create Your own happiness Yearbook people we've Been looking for you all day Because of your mum Please remember Rob That one data point does not Replace a trend I don't like people Talking over my food don't Breath over my plate I wanted to read The White Day and the Winter Sports story, but h Before you can win You have to believe you are Meritable Mike Ditka This headache has not Gone away since yesterday It's so annoying Her chest out, daring Anyone to challenge that? Mel was her momma My daddy got me Addictions to this damn wake Up in the sky song I've never been so Eager to travel this week Needs to hurry up I'm off tomorrow And I'm about to spend the Whole day in my bed Sometimes a mistake Can lead to a lifetime so Make better choices This dude really got Mad, I answered the phone too Fast, so I hung up That reminds me I Wonder if my friend is still? Selling her makeup Concrete and leather Concrete and leather concrete And leather concrete Don't nobody look Out for you, so you gotta Look out for yourself I've been mia for About a week now, but I'm Back to all who care When you overhear Her saying she eat ass but You already knew Happy birthday, love Hope you have a wonderful Day wish you the best Someone said I have Blowjob lips, uh, I'll take it As a compliment I'm learning to love Myself and all my flaws more And more everyday And I really don't Have the energy to meet New people, I don't I wish this stubborn Little Princess would hurry And decide to come We were talking shit To one another, lol he's Pretty chill, no lie If I'm trying to Be relevant, then why you? Following me, Hoe The shape of water Soundcloud is so beautiful It makes me tear up Give me loyalty And I'll give you everything I have within me Find me another Place and time, if only if Only you were mine Ever since I met You no else has ever been Worth thinking about It's like your mama Never taught you how to love So let me teach ya If everyone tries To do different, would they? End up being same Anyway, fuck the Conventional gods be your Own God, honestly Anyhow it seems I'm unwelcome no matter Where I really am Okay, Shawn Mendes The album is Shawn's best one I said what I said I want to become A chicken nugget, at least People will like me A love like ours Could never die as long as I have you near me You're going to have To get dentures now, sorry To break it to you I really pray that I get to finish this course Before the deadline Good morning, I hope Luke is doing well, I love Him to the fullest It's so funny when People try to make themselves Look like the victim I'm just trying to Go a little bit wild and Make some memories Did I just order? A Chinese after leaving The gym, yes, I did They was playing dat Spin the block at the Lakers Game yesterday, Z Ya gotta learn to Love yourself at all angles Not just the good one Trying to sleep when? Your day is still telling you To go fuck yourself I would rather lose You than to lose myself while Trying to love you She's going to start With gorgeous or getaway Car, I'm calling it Taylor Swift is out Here living her best life and I am here for it Always believe in You yourself, you are amazing Just the way you are You are my treasure And my reward, let nothing Ever come before? Does anyone have? Any good advice on how? To be more patient Lost someone I loved Very much, but heaven gained An angel last night Two cats are fighting Over me and I've never Feeled so powerful In urgent needs of A lawyer, recommend one For me urgently I'm really trying To stay away from makeup For at least a month So how long before? Alex Jones is calling these Kids, crisis actors Do people still watch? Grey's anatomy they need To cancel that shit Boy, December, can't Come fast enough, I need a Change of scenery I spent the morning Cleaning my apartment and I feel so refreshed Don't run away from Suffering embrace it it's Your greatest teacher Good morning, I have No morning classes, so I'm Going back to sleep? Learn the difference Between debt and deficit Then come back, Moron Not right, how many? Broughts, I have all over Me from the weekend Tired of people Only wanting me when it's Convenient for them I've been so busy Recently, but I slept pretty Peacefully, last night You will forever Be alone, lol, especially With that attitude [Trump] Hey, you fucking Liding piece of shit, your an Infantile shit bag Hey, leftists, how do? Open borders and gun bans Work out together I want my eyebrows To be thicker, but don't want To let them grow out Wish I had talent Maybe I could do something With my life, but no Impeach, trump, maybe It is time to march calling For his removal Why am I looking? At a white guy wearing a Dashiki right now Man, I really hope The story so far never Release that album Really about to Remove everything and go Away for a while Don't let anyone Ever make you feel you don't? Merge what you want My fatal flaw is Definitely that I'm late For everything now Yes, happy birthday And I hope you have many More happy birthdays Ready to go home Tomorrow, so I can yell At my game all night I'm so unprepared For tomorrow, oh, well, I Did it to myself? Trying out a few New profile pictures, what do? We think of this one Kelly Clarkson is Fucking, amazing good grief Love her energy Morning Steve Karen Where are you doing the beach? Clean up today, X How do people sleep? On public transport, that is A risky business When are you coming? Back to Baltimore Round Two Still has to happen Cabello, you should Release all the versions of Havana, you done? You ever feel so? Sad and sick to your stomach You can't even sleep I've been nothing but Good too, people I still get A slap in the face I'm so tired, but I'm still about to hit the Gym, no pain, no gain I'm so happy, right? Now it's what they all deserve Thank you, sweet Jesus My future husband Better not propose to me til my nails are done Everyone eat fruit And drink water when you get Home, happy new year Check out Alison Quinn on Twitter and YouTube You won't regret it How do they even? Meet Rami and ezra like They are so lucky Holy fuck either I just saw a really big Dog or a small bear I gotta get this Shit in order, summer right? Around the corner My birthday needs to Come sooner, so I can buy All these market dips In any case I'm Adam, if that's all I'll go Ahead and leave now It did not improve In a single way, harder Does not mean better? Him and his brother Really all about the bag Gotta respect it I'm Marty McFly Williams and I'm about to Bomb this master hill We are all looking Forward to seeing you all On Christmas Eve X The only people Who dislike me are the ones? Who can't afford rent? Only things I made The effort to unpack was My mod and makeup If someone wants to Take me for my birthday, that Would be amazing But what's the matter? With gravity, why won't u? Make it fall for me Who wanna go on? An Andy's date tomorrow I got a gift card But daydreams are all I have and nothing can take Then away from me Nobody cares abt Me anyway, they all think I have no feelings What are you doing? About this valid question? Take time to answer Why my favorite? Player had to go to the Team, I hate the most This is the reason Northern Virginia needs to Vote this man out now This aching is no Dam, joke like I just wanna Lay down and cry, lol I don't respond well To demands I like to make My own decisions Women who get turned On by men threatening them Really concerns me Life is meaningless And death approaches so come Play video games Surely goodness and Mercy shall follow me all The days of my life I'll be looking for A personal trainer when? I have my daughter Why does everyone? Make fun of five finger death Punch, what did I miss? Get money, bet all Means survive at all cost put God, before all things I don't wanna live Besides, why do girls have? To do me like that Nobody boo, just Got a couple moves to make To protect myself I just done watching Mother and I don't get it What movie is this? Waiting for Marie Andy, so we can get out With the cameras Jesus Christ, if I'm Already upset, don't tell Me, I told you so Don't over expect From humans, you will end up letting yourself down I love the weather Recently it's so much more like Spring and I'm in love Does anyone else? Think Chicago is a state Asking for a friend I could never live 'Always the way I'm scared to Kill spiders n such Great pods again, how? Would u add Ginseng to clay? Mix it the powder You really can't win You can do everything but You still gonna lose? I just saw Mary And the witch's flower and It's a masterpiece Well, I'm going to Give myself a haircut by My own wish me luck Cooking with a slow Cooker should be considered Some kind of torture And now, after all Those renovations I feel Like I want to move I need detergent Do not feel like making A Late trip to Walmart Sex hearing your name Being called for your order At a restaurant I'm sad and empty And I don't really know what To do about that Is sitting on the? Toilet a spider descends Right next to my head This is the greatest Living artist and greatest Artist of all time Hi, Lisa, hope you Had a good day, enjoy the Rest of your Sunday If you still believe In man made global warming God is asking why Gotta stop going So hard for people who don't Do the same for me I promise when I Heal myself and find myself Again, it's over We're gonna make love In the bath tub, then finish Off with a back rub Honestly, I'd fall Sleeping if I had sex to Word don't come easy I honestly can't Wait for Elizas to talk Trash about my state If you wanna know? Someone's true character, let Then owe you money After I saved your Asses at West Ham, this is How you repay me? All these idiots Regreting about dress code? Deal with it, bitches When's the Infinite? [ monkey cage coming back] I Miss it massively This movie got me All types of emotional Nah, Nah, Nah, Nah, Nah It's hard being A [Woman] Sometimes this is the Shit that we go thru The most important Decision you make is to Be in a good mood If any question Why we died, tell them because Our fathers lied Tyra smiles softly Giving her a small forehead Flick ja just like us I've been eating bad Recently, honestly and I've Been paying for it Hightower is done I tell ya early season Hot take, champion Verities for the Verity, god migraines for The migraine salad Hate how'a always Forget to push the button To defrost my car I'm so happy to Say that once again I was Enable to see you Nikki, I told you That I will always spell your Name wrong on purpose If you're so very Good looking, then why do you? Sleep alone tonight Today is the day If you pre ordered winter War, it is coming Thanks, I'm going to Be doing a lot more this Year I wish you luck I'm only single Until Luis learns how stop? Acting like a child? While I was dealing With my demons, you were just Trying to use me I've never been so Happy in my life, my heart Is beating so fast? You're so ratchet you Wear your man's hood initial On your belt, buckle This Christmas party At the house is going to Bigger than I thought I'm pretty sure I'm The only one without the New Snapchat update Just giving away Dubious fouls Arsenal get Me so mad, I swear You know what happens? When you nourish your body Your body thanks you I'm just gonna have To try and find snacks until I can get hot wings You in the shower? Is the sexiest when can? I join you in there Liam's gonna be In Dubai, why can't he wait? Until the summer If ever you're in My arms again this time I'll Hold you forever I found a rainbow Rainbow baby, trust me, I Know life is scary What is wrong about? Having it during hectic Month like December Ya bitches want a Crazy mans, but that shit is Dead, I'm telling u I really need to Stop eating Christmas cookies And go to the gym Joe Thomas knows how You lost your virginity Just let that sink in I'm so focused this Year I've been successful in Cutting out bullshit Walking two hours With the class to the city In this cold weather Look at my nephew All professional and stuff Good look for you, bro You ever just fail? To put into words, how much? Someone means to you Happy birthday to William Hatner, where are you? Tonight, Denny Crane Worst thing about me Getting tired is how I Get super hungry Today I will not Allow my past to block my View of God's love Way to Governor Some more taxpayer's money Going down the drain? Yesterday, a kid Called me mom on accident And it was so cute Diane is enough To make anyone turn off Never mind the rest Leave everything here And go somewhere that people Don't recognize me May everyone pray For Mariah Nicki, you're Doing great, sweetie Looking at you makes It harder, but I know that You'll find another Thank u for changing For the better, but also Resting the same It's so obvious How Jex always spoils me just? From the pictures, lol But I'm pretty sure That Gary Sheehan can do The show by himself Let me google it For you has become one of My favorite lines It's going to be A long wait until I can Go shopping again Thank you for always Keeping up with my crazy Antics and requests Someone you pass on The street may already be The love of your life I did everything From the heart so don't ever Think you finessed me If someone could come To download fest with me that Would be fantastic A crow in water In the silent sixth month sky I feel at home now I had lucky charms A couple weeks ago, and It was fantastic Joseph went potty Right in the middle of the Steayard at the farm Tay, tay is very Talkative the last days, let's Follow her again I should really think Deeper into things before I make up my mind Go wherever you Feel alive, do whatever Makes you feel alive I saw the cauldron In this setting, magic cries Evil always saves If I don't marry This kind of money there will Be no wedding, lol Danny Manning can We have no offensive or Find someone who can Can I still enter? The Secret Santa event I know I am late People do a lot Of trash activity, that's Why I stay away? Today was such a Shitty day, I wish such day Never come again Girl, not even I Had some super deadly gas Coming outta me Does anyone else? Not get cold in the winter Or is that just me? I can forgive you But I could never forget What you did to me? Being in love with All middle aged actresses Is such a burden? Are we supposed to? Have the heat or the AC On this time of year Thought I'd feel okay With a day off today, I Was horribly wrong I will retire and Die here, I refuse to die Until I get there Two blatant fouls in A row by Durant, guess they? Are letting them play? Let folks care about What they want to care about? And call it a day You know, I carry Right after fat shaming, lol What a stupid bitch I could fuck around And change you life, heaven is [Knocking on your door] Hi Momma Helman Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays to you Dynasty League free Agent, pick up Marlon Mack Or Michael Gallup? I'm so into you Now I wanna be more than A friend of you now Sweet spot, I adore That you're so wonderfully Made for Whitewater Someday I'll attend The Met Gala and I'll wear A silly hat too This is unheard of For our little town, they Must not be from here I'm saving myself Because no one can do that So please let me rest I will never lose For the simple fact, I will Never quit striving I fell for nothing And stood for everything but I got the bruises I forgot what day I scheduled my meeting for To change my major Mueller has no choice But to strike on Monday, bring The gauntlet down now Always be thankful U don't know how lucky u R than the others Baby, please don't say Admite, I love you to much Just to let you fly Can's performance was Fantastic in this scene, I Stole the episode I can't stop myself But replay it again and Again and again It's only the first Day, but I wanna fucking Go home so badly Again, I love the Fact, u can cook potatoes In the microwave If anyone needs Me, I will be over here Dying of the plague? These hotel discounts? Come in handy when you want To just get away I'm just trying to Live the life my brother will Never get to live I'm thinking long and Hard about shaving my sides The back of my head In other words, I'm Don't, with it, and don't even Do another thing We often forget That our lee is indeed Intuned a sweetheart Convince myself that I want my pillow to be Warm, I wish I could That is really the Last thing I needed this week What a shitty week I have boundaries For almost everyone in My life, everyone With his sexy ass That bottom lip of his just Does something to me? I love Disney so Much just being here makes me So much happier First thing I wanna Do when I get to London? I's go to Camden If you ever stop Loved me, would you be brave? Enough to tell me Everything in my Life is slowly starting to Fall back into place I'm laying face up On my bed blasting, Miguel I am one sad bitch I fucking hate trump Supporters fuck all of y'all Eat a dick and die Sorry, I can't go Home yet not enough people Have seen my outfit Need to stop drinking Juice and soda my forehead Starting to break out Living with people? Who constantly talk about? Food is a nightmare Cassie, you know who? You look like Chrissy Steffen Well, that's a new one I lost followers Over last night's fiasco And I'm not sorry Do people not know? How the mute feature works it? Makes life easier Nothing is pointless Worst case scenario, it Has a right angle I want someone to Come into my life and make Me better for once Hope everyone has A good day, except people Who voted for Cruz? My leg is itchy And covered in hives and I Can't figure out why I feel everything Collapsing or I need to Sleep to feel better Sometimes I want a [Stroller] So at least someone Would care about me Mommy, watch me do Him hair, take a picture, Dad's Hair is fabulous A special moment I will always remember An amazing night And the water has Been turned off so can't even Get a cup of tea Whoever told me? Senior year was a blow off Year ur moms a hoe I miss my brother So happy I get to spend The summer with him Can someone gift me? The perfect velvet or eyes On you, album ty My old roommate, just Told me a new word today And I feel prestige Teo, I'm waiting Until my long car ride this Start the new season Bernie Sanders should Really stop aside, he is As toxic as Trump Eden Hazard, please Joins Real Madrid, you deserve A better team, bro Your childhood trauma Does not give you an excuse To be an asshole Blessed to be awake This morning, even though I Had a sleepless night Harry is trying To come up with a chorus About Anne all night I must admit that My first and only ex was Is a whore ass bitch? Ray Makoto, stop Fighting you're both going to Get a timeout now Just wanna say that Men who drive Honda Civics? Are shitty drivers? A small penis is God's creation, but a big Pussy is man made There is only one Happiness in this life to Be love and beloved Sometimes I really Wonder if things will ever Really be better I'm not leaving out The house today, unless I'm Making some money The Russo brothers Calling Thanos as a son Of bitch, oh, my God I'm so sleepy but I'm getting my ass up and Going to the gym? You never have to Wonder where Deniro stands? Love that about him Stop telling people Who don't actually care? About your problems Will you have any? Other tickets cause this line Up is killing me Happy Christmas Eve Everyone hope y'all all have A good night morning I really let y'all Spoil infinity war for Me fuck, I'm crying My intention was Never to run you off, but Simply build you up First time away from Oliver, God damn, I miss The hell out of him Hello, Miss Layout You are glowing, how did I? Miss this icon, change I don't wanna miss The comeback show, but I have Class and tests today What does loving mean? I don't mean the easy love Can you even tell? I am changing call From Ada, from hold to buy News coming out soon Odd, how people go? Out there way to be spiteful And make u jealous I wanna go back To only eating chicken Turkey and seafood I want tomorrow To suck extra bad so I'm Going out drinking? Are you all matching? On purpose, no, I wear red And Khaki for fun A picture says A Thousand words that indeed is Trump's only true God Luckily you can Stay in bed, meanwhile, I don't Have that luxury Your joker misses Out on a square, accept the Test you did not dare Thinking of switching? To a Garfield layout, N Maya can be Jon For a very long Time I saw only darkness And during that time There is no amount Of success, that allows you To stop working hard I can't fucking stand When people walk so slow and I'm right behind them You acting funny? All of a sudden, well, bitch Jus, you don't love me We are not running Out of time, North Korea On the other hand For the city, that Never sleeps, it sure does do A lot of sleeping First, it was Andy Carroll, now it's Peter Crouch What the flying fuck? I wasted all four Years of highschool being a Fucking loser yikes We're about to play Survivor, good luck staying In my life, fuckers Waiting at best buy I hope I get offered a Warm blanket sandwich Peterman with the Hagel Mary Scramble, aka The Holy Runner Michael gets to go To DC this weekend and I'm super jealous Sexy, but tasteful Is the exact description? I've been looking for Footage from today's Vivia la pop performance Please, I'm begging you They disrespect you But when you disrespect them They get mad at you I hope so, Defund California and they might Just open their eyes The essence is in Not treating others as A Mere means to an end Senator Ted Cruz You are hereby seen as A Result of washing I was supposed to Clean up this week and never Did I'm doing bad? You gotta have a Strong team around you, man, if You wanna make it? I just wanna know If it's too early to start Up my fireplace For real the devil's A liar, but my god will Always make a way Why you wanna be? Seems so bad why you gotta Be a ladies man I wanna drive you In the corner and kiss You without a sound I'm not a drinker At all, I really tapp out After the first shot Never lay down and Be quiet, keep making noise Make them notice you Rose, happy birthday Gorgeous girl, I hope you have The best day ever Took my first Dallas Dance class, all I gotta say Is lol at my life? I wanna go back In the Times that we're happy And love each other Uncomfortable moment when? Someone's staring at you then laugh and walk away You must be trying To convince yourself, cause it Ain't working on us I love waking up Still alive, lob that for me Life is beautiful Not upset, just had To tell a hater like it Is no hard feelings I was just crying While reading a feminist Text now, but I'm fine Remind if you Can't get to your polling Station, there is help Someday I might die For serving my country at Last I'll die trying Wow, today taught me It really was tough to be A bug after all I just wanna dance Among the stars these after Hours got me charged About to prepare A healthy breakfast then back To the gym, I go Sometimes people come Into your life and they need To stop doing that Don't call me baby Unless I'm the only one You calling baby? May mother Mary? Watch over you and follow You along this path? Some people dream of Success while others wake up And work hard for it Are ya feeling down? I'll give you a special kiss To cheer you right up In the short amount Of time we had together You taught me a lot How you acting up? So bad your music teacher Gotta beat your ass Already hooked the Plow up for ya, buddy, thanks Dad, good to be home Even though I have The plague I feel happy to Be around today Alot of patience And tolerance is involved In the act of sales I've never met me I wonder what that would be Like Titus Burgess Pretty sure winning Five Super Bowls is way more Fun, then winning one One class today and I'm done, I can finally Rest from the weekend People so complex And different, and yet so Very much the same So people do more For other then they do the One closest to them Wanted to hate you For hating me, but I can't And will never be Don't worry, old pere Was my sword instructor we're? Counting on you, Pere My uncle taught me It's not gambling when you Know what you doing? So fucking tired Of not being allowed to Have an opinion I want these purple And white nike vapor, Max But I can't find 'em My baby stayed up Way too late tonight, my fault For our late nap I'm just done dealing With people who take me out Of my character So so happy this Puppy is now safe, God bless The man who saved him I've been listening To lust for life for hours What a masterpiece Ugly eats, but they Break into my house and leave The food in my mouth I'm going to hide In the street I'm going to Hide in the forest Stop living in the Past people otherwise that Is all you will have? I know it's crazy To believe in silly things It's not that easy I've never wanted Anything more new music? Coming very soon England doing a Sick job of summing up their Six nations right now Wonder if we will Have any more snow starting? To melt already Fucking love it when Someone takes ur parking spot Right from under you In that moment, when? You really want to die who? Do you reach out to? Happy Mother's Day To all mother figures out There I salute you Really not looking Forward to waking up to More snow tomorrow I jus wanna hit The gym, but this baby don't Ever let me leave? Can someone help me? Cope with my small penis, I I'm very depressed I'm strong enough to Climb the highest tower and Run across the sea I have the biggest Headache and I have a test In a bit fuck me This week was insane I'm so happy it's over And I get to rest Dk should not have This type of power over Me, it's too early People would rather Exist as an ostrich than Soar like a Phoenix I just got Henry's Newsletter lol, I'd like to Learn how to budget So far I've over Sleeped everyday and missed all My classes this week I really need to Get myself in shape, so that I can score a man I always look like I'm a little bit pregnant In maxi dresses Ain't nobody gone? Outsmart me, I'm always a Step ahead always Just had a breakdown And God sent me a angel To fix my worries He deserves the whole Universe I can't express My love for this boy Have you ever had? A dress you just cannot wear Underwear with it Last night was almost Way too vivid, connect like A cellular phone Princeless is a sad Movie, but for some reason I still laugh at it You bitches don't get No money, cause you bitches Don't know how to act Happy new year, I Love you, thank you for being A part of my life How about you, just? Focus on taking her on A fun date, my guy You are so pretty And so unique, I'm so proud Of you, I love you I'm so annoyed, right? Now this is exactly why I stay to myself I wish Tucker would Have given the kiss of death After that, dagger Pain, my middle name Lord, please have mercy on my Soul I can't maintain Will I ever wake? Up without harassing texts From my ex, stay tuned Hopefully they can Maintain the momentum and Continue to rise But my next litter After this gone, fuck the dog Game up, mark my words No offense to me Or anything but what the? Fuck, am I doing? Is it very cold? In the studio, Paul looks Very bundled up Whatever your goals Are become obsessed with them And you will succeed Did you know studies? Suppose that the sea zebra Has two channel teeth Spoiler Alert, Kyle Richards does not reprise her Role in Halloween I'm trying, but I Keep falling down, I cry out But nothing comes now I got called into The bookstore today, hoping I find some treasures I should probably Get my nephew a birthday Gift for his party Does anyone know? Where I can find a printing Shop at somerset Gotta feel for these Poor souls, you only see in The pub once a year I want a toasted Sandwich, but my damn mom took My fucking toaster This was the longest [Term ever] And I'm so glad It's almost over Matching bios would Make me so happy, don't play With my emotions Also, my feet have Been struggling to get warm For the past hour This is Rock Bottom For my Raiders, only one Way to go, I guess Cecile and I just Did a skit that included? The adverb questions How are you feeling? Today have you stopped to ask? You're that today? Rick and Morty set Outside of Seattle, but It's always sunny The life I'm living Now it's the life I've always Wanted and needed We are just trying To give our daughter the Best of the best life Maybe I should cut People off starting right now No one deserves me Hilton Magic is Great and all until you get To the parking lot I hate seeing posts That are blasphemous against The Holy Spirit Knowing that you will Lool somebody you love hurts More than losing him The train is super Late, but at least I'm sitting Close to the AC Missed so much TV So now I'm making sure to Make up this weekend Is that cool monkey? In the jungle, still online I wanna grab one Only if you can Pamper her like you pampered Your betting tickets Rep Red Lieu predicts Disparable civil unrest, if Mueller is fired Sharing a lot of Baby stuff lately, you know? Where my head is at? Not only are you? Guys, moron on top of that You're stupid also Staying later then? What I'm supposed to at work How's your day going? Is wondering what? Is happening with Mama? Right about now, O Someone go with me To Canada for spring break So I can dog sled If you see someone Posting me for sweetest day Don't you believe it? I've seen Zola twice Now waiting for Drake and My Life will be complete Sadie always dies When I'm doing her mission It's getting boring You can deny the Truth, but you cannot hide it A collection thread My cat legit just Fall asleep sucking my thumb Is this motherhood? Joe will always be The goat joker and no one Can say different I love this weather But it's about to be right Back cold tomorrow Sorry that this is What I'm thinking about now? But I'm invested Still thinking about? The breadwinner, please go see This film, if you can Oh, you're not going In work for a while, great You can be ill now Have a gut feeling The suns are going to beat The Celtics tonight Can we start giving? Awards to memes this is in A league of its own This is also how I picture Congress working At this point in time If your single ane You love yourself everyday Is Valentine's Day? Don't listen to me I'm a fucking hypocrite And loser at life Only gonna drink Water till I go to bed I can't anymore I stressed myself out At work pretty good tonight For no real reason I could watch Harry Potter everyday, and it Would never get old If someone tells you That you need a backup plan Don't listen to them The best revenge is To simply move on and let Karma, do the rest All I listened to Today was in my lifetime And victory lap Can someone tell me? The logic of wearing fake? [lashes to the gym] After tonight I'm Really ready to get out Of Arkansas, lol Some believe in fate Some believe in luck, but I Believe in Allah I have morning wood Like a wild sugar glider Dude, I'm so happy So frazzled that, I Can't even form a sentence By the looks of it I really don't care About live action versions Of Disney classics I really miss that [ Woman] Yo, she made me see? Life so differently I had one oatmeal Cookie and it finished in All of three seconds Somebody told me Today that they admire me For always smiling Super low rise waist Denim sounds like the title To my worst nightmare Losing yourself in? New surroundings is the best Way to find yourself Man, I hate taking Test on computers always Seem to get sleepy Jordan texted me Yesterday and I lost my Mind, I miss my son I was just about To hit u up talking, shit About the Panthers In this chapter of My life I'm having the best Sex with the best man All these isu fans Getting their panties in A Wad cracking me up? What's the penalty? For treasonous traitors, just Asking for a friend The fifth element Is the best sci fi movie? Ever fight me, Nerds? Baby, give it to Me no doubt, cause I wanna Love you inside out Today has been an AWESOME day, but today is Not tomorrow, right? Clicking is not the Problem: People click on the Oprah, all the time Maybe if I fall In love with my depression It will leave me too There's a method to My madness, all you need is A little practice Sorry about the Wait, fucking batteries, man Dying left and right? If only the whole Arena could sing happy Birthday to Collin Our flesh is so White, it's already sunburned We even have sleeves Stop raising children To be pussies and just use The god damn tissue Middle aged adults Love to gossip at work, men And women alike My step sister is Going home tomorrow, how? I wish it was me I don't understand Why our parents drag us? To banquets sometimes Wonder who else is? Gonna get engaged before This year is over Thank you very much For giving life to the max I'm in love with him Staying the night in? Hawley and I don't know to Feel about it, lol Even if that means Working back to back and not Having enough sleep I have no fashion Seem whatsoever, I dress To not be naked We're Goblin people And I wish people would use Our proper name Is Brooklyn's support? Group meeting tomorrow night On Veteran's Day So when is someone? Gonna make off brand taco Bell cinnamon twist I'm not complaining Giggling as his hands come To plant on her back Sorry for your loss Simon, she brought you up well May she rest in peace? I feel so stupid For caring about you, lol Yikes, but hey, oh, well They say time fixes All but time has cheated me Time and time again Once upon a time I believed in prayer all my Prayers were to Mary People with skinny Rationals are weak and won't Survive the winter Yep, no brainer, but I'm sure President Trump can Get it built cheaper I can't keep putting My all into people who Take me for granted Cesar better pack A bag and run Oscar is About to whip him It was the cutest Thing I've ever seen I need More of these moments There's a breaking in My favor, there's a shifting In my direction I need to practice My football talk I used to Be good at it, lol Red and yellow her Anger and her loneliness A girl is crying Antsy as hell, but I was super productive Today, so I'll deal Never let someone Get you out of character It's never worth it If only I could Go to bed tonight n not Wake up tomorrow If I'm the goalie I'm yelling at him to just Get out of the way Twitter be moving So fast, no one will notice Me saying I'm gay Honestly, my child Is the only thing keeping? Me alive right now Mart refuses to Wrap anything that's not in A square box, coward How many bottles? Of wine compensate for A Waste of so much time Wish I had someone That would listen when I need Someone to talk to I will need someone To tell me that everything Will be OK soon It's never fun to Be the one who always loves More than the other Fun fact Trotsky had Big dick energy and that's Why Stalin killed him? Would you ever try? To leave me for somebody Who deserves you most? I'm gonna get dressed And promptly start destroying Things in my basement Don't ever touch it Or you'll not be able to Stay alive, it's mine Having sex with A Female penguin, he searches The entire world I can't do drama But sometimes I can be the Biggest drama queen I know you're tired Na, you can drop everything You know who you are Genuine, too scared To look at my bank account After this weekend The only good thing About his mouth being out Is that he can eat? We have too many Theories everyone just needs To shut the fuck up Some people have a Midlife crisis, I have one Every few months I really hope I Meet Taylor in Dallas, I Need it to happen How stupid it is? When I feel I'm hurting you While you never cared Well, this is gonna Be an ass kicking I took The Titans, of course Now, this black mirror Series, um, I'm not sure what To think of it yet You think I'm playing? If there's one more tomato He meant tornado Whenever I think To quit smoking, I need a Cigarette to think What's your favorite? Crock pot recipe, is it? Chili season yet What if Lana sang? Only songs from the Lizzy Grant Era tonight A weather update For people in Cork without Windows, it's snowing Why do I always? Get sick whenever I have A speech coming up Why bother trying? To explain, it's obvious What they were doing If you have someone That you like other than me Tell me, let me know Getting thrown to the Wolves by Randy Harper is A social construct My biggest mistake Yesterday was checking the Twitter at halftime You should be writing Like a masonry in love With a watershed Have they announced A? Release date very eager To order this book I just wanted to Breath freely, I'm not asking You to set me free Magnus did not come To play is all I'm saying He owns this season I saw him perform His one man version once and It was delightful There are benefits To minding your own business I relish in them Silence is godly Effective voices are rare Life is challenging Hey boy, I wanna See if you can go downtown With a girl like me Everyone is pumped About being in New York? I used to live there I only drink when I'm thinking and I only Think of you leaving Happy birthday, but I still remember when U Banished me on Ultra Okay, guys, I'm back Home, my parents got sick of My complaining, yikes Sometimes I wonder Why God allow me to go? Through what I go thru I forgot there's no Subtitles yet, so the soft Hours are on hold How Lee Mason is? A Premier League referee I will never know Honestly, this year Has been going by so fast It feels really weird Take a moment and Imagine the US right now Without Bob Mueller Campus is a mess With all those trying to pull Miracles for Marks Better to have new Parents than the real ones, if They are bad people I'm still processing Many disgusting things that Have happened to me? I love spending time Outside and napping under A nice shady tree Alright Houston fans How y'all feeling now, will I? Get more responses Y'all ever just go Sit in your car to listen To music at night Exactly my heart Is big enough to despise? A lot of people Who needs Halloween? When you look like the joker On a normal day Reads a quarter of Your twenty four character Tweet fuck it, follow I can never tell If I look better with short Hair or long hair, lol Females will find out Everything so I suggest You don't lie to them Jenny and I are Going to see it sometime? Very soon, come with I will only eat The finest handcrafted sweets For my morning meal I'm doing laundry I'm about to eat and then I'm going to bed Look at me because This migraine will be missing My flight to Dallas Bout to body this Exam tomorrow, then turn Up till next weekend I can talk about What I wanna talk about? All day, keep dreaming Any girl who skin? My post will also skip her Period, trust me Time to correct the Defense and pass protection Before the playoffs I should probably Tweet about the twins on this Account at some point Hope you enjoyed it My mother in law would be After the custard Hey, just popping in To let you know, Alicia Keys is very gay There's an entire Courage of empty seats, why? Sit opposite me The reasons for us To celebrate this weekend Just keeps on growing Somebody let me Come over and cuddle with Then during the snow The dark crystal is Coming back to theaters Bye, it's so scary People draw a lot From memories, be kind to Others with closures Stop messaging first And see how many dead plants You've been watering I am truly blessed For having the friends that I Have I love all y'all? I am taking the Objective: All is going According to Plan Really, Peter Todd Haley in your steeler rant Really c'mon man Employers should not Be allowed to do this this Should be illegal Our past lovers Never leaves us, they become Ghosts in our hearts I was so nervous For today, but I made it I'm at the airport Wait, is everyone? Listening to it now, can I tweet about it We can't get lucky Enough for Kansas to beat Duke today, can we? Everytime I wake Up I get traumatized that I am still alive You can define A Person by how much they tip At a restaurant I guess, Dominic Know his daddy coming, he? Will not go to sleep I want Dick covered In chocolate for Valentine's Day fuck strawberries I've been awaken A lot of times today, fu Let me sleep in peace A lady with class And lots of respect we all Love you, Cynthia My boyfriend makes me So proud he's graduating College with honors It's crazy to think That I was at Ari's first Giant in Manchester Love is beautiful Imperative people are the One's that f it up Tonight is just too Mashed, I'm really crying At my phone right now I want somebody To love me like Benjamin Button loves Daisy Legit spent all day Setting up and picking stuff Up for tomorrow In Boston right now And I gotta say the shit Feels funny as fuck I'm already put A bullet to my head, no? One cares about me I'm being ignored By Sebastian again, but I'm still loving him Kat, excellent thank You enjoy your evening now And relax those paws Proper fancy, Mike From Love Island now after Seeing him last night? Me and Mayonnaise Breaked up a week ago, I'll Be mourning for life I hurt all over But I really had a lot Of fun this weekend Liam saves thousands Of lives every day and He's just an angel If you wanna talk To me about my dog all Day I'm down for that I like how snapchat Is updating the app like? How it used to be? But how ya gonna? Name yourself after a damn Gun, have a man bun Figure skating is The only important part Of the Olympics If you wanna beat? Tiger Woods don't play him in Golf, it's that simple I'm so content with Being well off and alone In the near future Can't have anything To my fucking self, I love It'so fucking much You should be writing Like a calculus in love With a remission This teacher, I swear Ah, his life motto is just To win arguments What is that ugly? Facial hair in the first pic I feel so betrayed I don't really mind The Snapchat update, maybe I'm alone in this Do you wonder how? Many directors are named Stephen John Rimmer He could do better If the defense wore dresses He likes hitting them The liquor store was Out of Jack Daniels, but had Tons of tequila It's okay to not Like a popular thing, we All have opinions Not even I've been Thinking of getting a new? Phone for a while now I've had sweetener On replay since it came out I can't get enough Now, understand what? My granny meant when she said She was holding on It's better you stand Up for something rather than Sit down for nothing Airport, hey can I? Use oyster to come to you From Clapham Junction You never know how Fun, your girl is until y'all Get drunk together We should be over At some point next year, it'll Be great to meet up So y'all just gonna Force me to listen to this Jay Z interview Starlin Castro beat That throw just like Addison Russell beat his wife I said the moment I stopped having fun with it I'd be done with it If y'all start acting Like shit again after this Then ya mom's a hoe People worry, too Much nowadays they forget The littlest things I need to delete Twitter, I spent way too much Time on it today I can pretend I'm Not dying inside, but just So, you know, I am Can someone tell me? Why they ship Steve and Tony? I just don't see it Uh, torment, I don't See how that is tormenting Look at this lil face Having a broken? Family hurts more during This time of the year You can pretend to Be afraid of ghosts and cling To me all you want Web server is up Refresh, reload the live page Sorry for the break Looks up instantly From examining her food Oh, uh, yeah, it is People who maintain Eye contact with you waiting For you to greet them But like honestly Sleep is much more important Than boys, anyways I'll consider to I don't want tomorrow to Come out for PC I'm going to go Watch a movie later on I need to relax No pallets of cash In secret, no concessions That's how you do it My dad was singing Neaked in the car today And he was belting I have morning wood Like a tidal subscription Dude, I'm so happy His mercies are made New every morning, great Is thy faithfulness? Bitch I'm about to Tweet about Moon River For The rest of the year Anyone who comes? In today is an asshole It's Easter, stay home I'm never shooting My shot at another guy As long as I live Once upon a time There was a stepmother who Had a magic book I've always said this If mane could finish, he'd be As good as Hazard Oh, shit, I'm barking Through the convention center Until I find him Yeah, it's John Lennon Getting ready to sneeze, he Did it on purpose? Get to do models Makeup for a fashion show And I'm kinda scared Load of warm wishes And may you have everything? You wish for Ameen? Dogs playing poker Or Elvis on velvet would Have been classier I got guns, money Drugs, other girls, but not her So I'm not happy It's amazing how Fast, someone can ruin such A great day, so fast I wanted to watch The conjuring the other Time, but I got scared Looking at the lack Of pitching on my roster Makes me want to cry I really don't see Us scoring in full time, I Hope we don't concede Can we submit this? As a bad use of polling For the next podcast Do I really love? Wanna one with all my heart? The answer is yes This is what happens When you comment on chicken? Hot dogs on Twitter I really really Really, really like pizza But I like you too Going to have to Log off Twitter for a few Days on this one, man Eagles lose Redskins Lose giants, lose great day to Be a Cowboys fan My kitty cashew Has been having an upset Stomach lately, too Harry settles in His seat across from Louis How're you doing? Still wondering how? A guy like me ended up With a girl like her Y'all Twitter people Kill me, it's so many pound N wrong opinions Wanna make u move? With confidence, I wanna Be with u alone I just wanna hear Grayson, say me name, but my Name is not common Getting my tattoo? Tomorrow wow watch me cry Like a little bitch Thought it was going To be a new servant, so I got quite hyped up I was so broken I thank God I'm nowhere near Where I used to be You ever been so? Happy that you just smile out The blue time to time Look at the reply If you need skin care routine And some recipes Roses are desert Sand asters are snow sugar Is sweet and so on Sometimes I feel like You think I'm only in it? For sex, that is false Your biggest haters Be right around the corner From you believe that? I've put everything At stake today is my last Chance at redemption The rocket's cutting Melo, that's crazy, I ain't See that happening? Lebron won'so I Have a boyfriend to talk to For another night When's that video? On childish coming out, I'm Sitting here waiting I want to hangout With people, but I also Want to be alone? Why do I always? Wait for the last possible Minute to study I'm teaching myself A new language and it's not As hard as I thought Weather is so nice Today, but I'm stuck in the Car for eight hours Spinning off the keys? Off the keyboard, so I could Spell out fuck on it I forgot to breathe For a minute and almost Had a heart attack Cuddle weather, but The only thing I'm cuddling Is my bolster lol? I don't understand Why it's so hard for people? To not be shitty The newest subject Of flight rising drama has Been preening humans I feel electric Charges at the tip of my Fingers, what is this? Baby, turn around And let me see that sexy Body go bump bump I'll be over by The car, Robin said before He started walking Are you still trying? To make sloppy happen, it's Not gonna happen Before I go, please Know I'm trying trying to Be a better man Anyway, now that Fuck Christmas is over, it's Fuck Valentine's Day I've already jerked Off twice today, gonna go For the lucky third Beyond thankful for The relationship I have With my mom and dad I'm upset by Drake Is my attitude towards? Women from now on Wow, Barkley with an Aid and a goal now to Make that consistent I'm the reason why You always getting faded Take a shot for me When will anyone? Consider Maldives part of Asia and come here I owe responses And started yet here, I go Making new accounts Me after eating Stuff with lactose in it, why? Does my stomach hurt? Coffee shop culture Is so wholesome, I love it Who even needs bars? Mums are angles what? Kind of angles, right angles Mums are always right I just wanna set You on fire, so I won't Have to burn alone You can never trust A cabbage steve bruce got the Sack because of one Take your money out Of banks and move your money Too credit unions That is so awesome Wil, I'm going to see it Tomorrow can't wait People don't want the Ugly truth, they would prefer A beautiful lie I'll either jump in Front of a highway or shoot Myself in the head Feels like everyone's Doing great while my world is Burning to the ground I miss being in My favourite country with My favourite guy Remember work book? This Thursday, what to come as? So many choices Anyway, feck off Now, Twitter, some of us have Careers to rebuild Give a donkey too Much attention and they start Acting like a horse I pour everything In my music, that's how I know it's coming Is that everything? It's my duty to serve you But I'd like to sleep Fuck it, who wanna? Be a fake YouTube couple We can both be rich Wow, ab gonna crush Us, we can never have A Full team vs pats Now that it's raining More than ever know that we Still have each other I love my children To death, but this soccer mom Stuff is not for me I honestly can't Believe I'll being seeing Be in a few days Brawny and me took An after sex selfie, but? The storage was full My dorm itself is So warm, but my bedroom is Fucking freezing, why? It was honestly A dream I can only dream Of having again There's so many good Movies coming out this year I can't even deal Hearing make moans is The sexiest thing I cream At the sound of it My impulse control Has been working overdrive For the past hour Have you ever seen? A cunt wrapped in plastic no Look at your passport We are surrounded By such amazing places Pretty blessed we are I wanna get some Sexy snaps while I'm at work To keep me going The power is in The people and politics We address Tupac Go ahead and watch My heart burn with the fire You started at me Pizza would be good If he has some jewels, eh? But she's a goddess What even happened? Today we got fed so fell I can't believe it I'm just so impressed At the number of ladies advising on this All my followers Are rats and I'm trying to? Start a rat army You doing stuff to? Try to make me mad only Make me laugh at you People only want You around when they need you But what about me? Looking at all the Women I've looked up to since Childhood, I still do This weather makes me Want to sit outside and eat? An ice cream sandwich Don't believe in love At first sight, but I believe In love at first fuck Bae made me breakfast In bed this morning I'm still Drooling over it I did it because A clown stole my taco me Talking to the cops Go thelma, pepper It's a great thing to believe In yourself, she said I'm such a debbie Downer, it's either my way Or no way at all I need to download That ghost duet it's very Relaxing to hear Jay just said talking To me is like talking to A piece of paper So I've basically Got a lecture on how to Use the library I miss talking to Some of the people I used To be so close to Anyone get through? For comic con, please let me Know and buy for me Just gonna pay you Dip out ya life forever I promise this time Enoch reminds me Of that flan guy from courage The cowardly dog I think Wendy was Just a reaction meme to How good Justin looks Very sleepy, but Moving into the home stretch For this article If you retire now I'll make you regret it for The rest of your life If you refuse to Kiss ya girl after she suck Ya dick, you a bitch If only we could Live our lives the way we Chocene and desire If it's not about Some money, I'm pretty sure It's not important I'm taking a break This game is draining, I just Wanna draw my meme? Sorry to bother You is outstanding, holy Shit, what did I watch? Bunny, shrine maiden Of Jenny, she loves to laugh Or being annoyed? Falling in love is Easy working out if it's Real is the hard part I had two exams Today and I failed one of Then I hate college You never know how Crazy, you are till you do Some crazy ass shit Ready to cut off? All this bad energy and Move on with my life My mental health is Nearing an all time low, how? Do people do it? Hate getting up so Early in the morning there's No one to talk to The past cannot be Changed the future is yet in Your power, Hugh White They took my reward Drink away when they did a Start, reset, not cool Vazquez has done an Impressive season so far He's learning a lot Houses that gave out Fruit always got egged, I know I've seen me do it Well, you can unless You believe that women and? Chickens are the same Just gotta accept That some people will never Change no matter what Father, they call me Relative coz, I'm not Lilenient like them Admitted, how can we? Use this heartbreaking story For positive change If you're going to Attempt to run game at least Be smart with it, lol I'm looking to add Another te just in case He is indeed out I am suppose to Save my blunt for Friday, but Damn, I wanna smoke Partly pink, partly Orange and partly blue, I Really love the sky Fingers crossed, Sarah Hope you have a better time Commuting this year Free copy paper Sweet, the apocalypse was Totally worth it Is it so selfish? Of me to want to remove The knot in my heart I'm truly starting To love, see the beauty of Spending time alone? Really trying to Get into looser fitting Denim, this winter Bitches who get born Again or saved was a slut But it's ok tho I wish these people We're armed, so they could over Throw this government Gordon's return, I Have my popcorn ready, jazz By double digits It's important to Uplift others in a world That's so negative I'm going to start Keeping up with hockey now Because I'm a fan Everyone at work Are you eating spaghetti? O's me, yes, them nice Really want to go To Salem, but don't want to Be the one to drive I just wanna eat You alive be seen with you Put me on your live Congrats, you made all Of your followers, proud you Looked so beautiful Of course real Madrid Heavy favorites, but there Is always a chance Jerry, the honey badger is who we need, but Watch us do nothing Tuesday evenings are For Epsom, salt bubble baths With wine and candles I have this intense Need to wander until I Find where I belong I'm not crying o My eyes are sweating, I swear I can relate spec Don't talk shit about Me behind my back, smile up In my face it's lame I'm about to whoop His ass into next year for Trouting a knight Can I send Harry? Potter edits to someone I just want to gush 'Everyone I thank The Lord Cus, I have problems But I could have more My name is Dipper The girl about to puke is My sister, Michael We have been dying Since we got here and forgot To enjoy the view Update: I just got A new roommate, he's cute, but He needs a haircut I'm broken too much That I forgot the beauty Of having feelings What business are we? Doing with Madrid and don't Try to be funny They gave me morphine At the doctors and now I'm So fucking tired Leah, and I have Been together for a year And a half today Littler, that's just Not fair to medieval mobs They knew no better This gun violence Is getting out of control? Prayerd for Nashville Coach has me eating For a whole village man, I Hate eating again You can only stick Around for so long before Needing to get out I sometimes swallow My pills with nothing at all No matter how big Always come to this Account because maura is The chatty woman Love is the answer Given doubt, it look at the Cross, look at nature My gay ass cousin Got some nice ass bundles, I Have to try them out I'm always run out Of luck when doing nothing Also trouble comes There's a difference Between going to the gym And working out, lol I let Colin Steer For me and I gotta say That I was impressed Going to that, Cole And thug show in Atlanta This summer, for sure Wonder if we will Ever see blue sky again? This mist is draining Just saw the hottest Maintenance guy, I wish he'd Whack me with his mop Ready for weather Where I can constantly drive With the windows down People will always Talk about you, specially When they envy you Take the Martial Arts Approach to loving yourself Love as self defense Sure, he is even The old people loved him, mum So in love with him How drunk was Joey? Last night, all the videos Are making me wheeze? Don't b a dumbass Girl, open your eyes, I say To myself daily I'm running into A bit of a problem and I am freaking out I'm so pathetic I'm texting Mel about how Much I want, salad I cannot wait for A quiet place to come out I hope it lives up Am I the weirdest? Person alive for eating My soup with a fork I am humpty short And stout this is my spider And this is my mask You broke another Mirror, you're turning into Something you are not Can someone take me? To a real relationship I got gas money You don't wanna me Make it no more because you Ain't coming with me I thought today was Sunday, but it's not time to Get ready for work I just wanna lay Up an watch, movies for the Rest of my birthday I'm happy for you Hope tomorrow will be more Better than today Liverpool will play City on Tuesday, why am? I nervous today U always come in ' clutch w them backwoods And a nice smile, Ty If u need calmness In ur life, try ginger tea It is so healing How often do you? Go to bed without thinking Of your to do list Got some secrets, I'll Never tell that shit going To the grave with me Myth, you only live Once fact, you only die once You live everyday Hello, guys, is there? A way to listen to the Show outside, Lagos Corruption is trash And corrupt leaders needs to Be treated as such I have nothing but Respect for you and not much Of that groucho marX Would you rather he? Just trot off the field, super Satisfied, oh, please Falling in love is Easy but staying in love Is very special He read my message And ignore me like I'm not Exist in this world F what people say? If someone makes you happy Be with that person Did U guys notice? That on Castillo map they Now play music, lol Y'all bitches, really The saddest I could never Find the energy I will continue My ambition and you will Continue your scream Have you ever just? Want to cut a person off? But don't know how to Inform the darkness Over coffee, reason sings Wisdom never grows Thank you, President Carter, nothing but respect For my president My baby just got His interview, thank God for Answering his prayers Even with short hair My hair takes forever to Dry, I wanna sleep I was doing just Fine before certain people Came into my life Squishy human friend It is time to put liquids In your mouth hole Can't go to Egypt Or morocco and say you In the motherland I love giving gifts Once I'm rich, it's gonna be A whole new level Tom Jasper Wilson The neighbours do not need to See your John Thomas Nothing is going To save that lasagna from My unholy wrath Not gonna lie, I Am triggered, I gotta sign Off the internet I only say that Makes sense because I refuse To say you are right People really don't Understand, I got anger And mental problems Okay, but why is? Crying on the bathroom floor Such a mood this week Holy shit, daisy Quaking Talbot into the Sky, I am screaming Big brother won't Be watching me because I Can't afford it Jazz at home tonight Gotta stay inside all night And avoid traffic I really need to Get a new job, honestly About to go off Repeating the word To emphasize the sentence Is getting old old? Don't forget to ask For a follow back if I'm Not following you Maybe I should read Kafka on the shore again To feel less depress Meeting down now, time To get dirty with the peeps Let's go Saturday Thanks you, my sister Go see my children and what? You love to cooking [Hickman] I saw your Snap, baby girl, congrats I Can't wait to see her Merry Christmas to You and your family dear Thomas, love Linda My grandma is from [Nails] They eat pizza like That over there, lol I dislike second Hand embarrassment, oh, my God, I'm gonna cry Do it, it's really Fun, despite stressing about Making it look good I've waited for this exact day for so so long It's been a year wow My barber talking About the time he hit A Chick in the hotel Never gonna lose You darlin never gonna Let'em shoot us down I should really turn On the heater, but the gas Bill always stops me Still remember that? Night up, Federal Hill like It was yesterday Either I'm in love With you or you, my mama If you see me cry Gotta love giving Everything to one person To get nothing back OK, can you please? Follow me, that's the only Way I can do it Driving with your mom After getting your license Is a death sentence? People who make you Feel better when you are sad Are so important? I'm finally back From work worst experience Of my fucking life Happy birthday, I Wish you a beautiful year Like your soul love, U My mom always comes In handy, she always has Everything I need For someone who has No money I sure do spend A lot of it, huh? Holy shit, blizzard Going straight for my wallet Another must have Managing one's wants Is the most powerful skill? A person can learn Sometimes I just feel Like going to school out of State and start over So I'm going thru Shit and you turn it around And get mad at me Nothing irks my soul More than a person who drives With the music low I'm living for the Fact that Hayes is uploading YouTube Weekly Now What kinda technique? Am I supposed to use when? Massaging my kale Somewhere I know that He waits for me someday soon He'll see I'm the one I pretty rarely 'Agree with Kyle completely But this is spot on Because we all want That kind of friend and very Few of us have that Everyone hates you You only have your own ass To get yourself up I really can't wait To get fast data back so I can play online Sounding so desperate His base may be able to Figure this one out Having fun cannot Be overrated, make time For it in your life I love being in Such a wonderful mood, that Nothing can kill it I dunno what's worse? This hangover or the thought? Of work tomorrow Does the jungle book? Make me feel like crying or Am I just sleepy? I gotta get some Type of career a degree A license, something You should be writing Like a regression fleeing From a retrieval I have never lied To you, I have never hide Anything from you? Ladies, if you have No ass, then leggings are not For you so stop it I'm not going to Let me being sick, stop me From going to work Everyone loves to Pull the I'm grown card until It's time to be grown Got my interview For college in the morning Shitting my knickers I'm always anxious Thinking I'm not living my Life to the fullest Darrick, really be Pissing me off, we can't be On time for nothing I get lost inside Of my own mind and even Forget who I am Who else remember? When you could pin music to Your myspace profile Conference day's time To be serious and learn New stuff eagerly I just wanna have A good day at work today That's all I ask for Nothing gets to me Now it's like if it Happens, it happens Call the midwife just Makes me so happy it's such A heartwarming show Before giving up Think about why you started And why you held on? Okay, I liked them A little at first, but Brock Hampton is corny Alright, let me watch This ant man, the wasp trailer I was saving it I can't even read The lyrics to disarm you Without hearing it The supporting cast Of the rockets is so bad They need to step up Prepare for a spam Of pictures tomorrow night Ok, ur warned now Everyone's out here Doing their own shit, so I Might as well do me Work is finally Slowing down, maybe it's time For a cup of tea How much hydrogen? Peroxide can you consume? Until it kills U No one truly gives A fuck about you something I learned today night We look forward to Bringing the children back To school tomorrow Damn, Ian got no Friends to go to Panama With me tomorrow Okay, so what's tea? Two dope losers got co signed By bey or something I feel like even Seeing that person ruined? My con two days in I wanna learn to Enjoy a whole can of la Croix, before I die The secret of your Success lies in your daily Routine: John Maxwell It's crazy how much You can help someone out and All you get it, thanks Walking into this Interview like a big dick In a locker room Am I going back? To la this weekend is the Question of the day I'm going take A Nap, I'm well over due cus My body worn out Umpires will be Non existent in cricket In a couple years No longer in mood To help others, it's time to Care and help myself Why my internet? Is acting up today, can't? Even load pictures Ok, hold on, folks I gotta fill my glass and Roll one up, time out Good music dropping Music from May to June I See what y'all doing Always cherish that Special person in your life And never let go Here I am thinking I'm living righteous, I'm not Doing something right? You can only be A victim of your own self Pity for so long This reminds me of Teaching B and C students Getting the most help? Even when I don't Do anything wrong, I'm still Doing something wrong? Never expect to Win against a man who has No fear of losing Real being grateful And loving my mom hours This Sunday morning Hey, do you wanna? Send me the pictures from the Other day on wa The game has enough Content to play for awhile And it is a blast Why people do that? Even when I told them to Don't do it to me Stands are images Made of energy, they should Be able to shrink You can't be losing Sleep over people you don't Even wake up to Half to London I swear I don't even leave For work this early I refuse to leave The house until I receive My teen age albums So how about y'all? (Message cornbread) and ask her How she's doing, lol? Rolls around laughing Probably now I need to Go have a shower Let's go, Raiders, we Get the week off, everyone Enjoy and be safe You ain't gotta run And tell anybody cause They already know I'm just lying here Casing to the future and I could wait for you Do you think Warren? G harding was expecting A scene such as this Is Elvis in the? Building or did you decide? To give it a miss I am sleeping in A real bed tonight, this is A nice change of pace Lisa Lisa could Breath in my direction and I would bust a nut It's so hard trying To keep myself together And stay distracted Getting it in once Again, the price of success Never goes on sale People can say what They want it only matters How pure you know are Do not engage in This cheating marriage topic Don't do it, do not I am watching you Love somebody else now I'm Singing out of tune Small people eat a Lot, I really gotta stop Snipping so much, lol Merry Christmas to You and the family, Ben Have a good one, mate I just accepted Jesus into my life, right? Now I'm a changed man Is the alpine ace? Coming for free today or Not and please answer Really need to stop Sleeping with my make up on After a night out You better change it Back so that your wifi can Be normal again My vocal fry grows With every mile we get Closer to New York Sworn they manage to Find the most boring people To go on the chase I'm going to see You on birthday I'll make a Sign, please notice me Man, my momma seen One of her trades in Walmart And started ducking How guys do laundry? Throw everything in at once And hope for the best Campus don't open Up til Friday and I don't Have class on Fridays When Uncle Phil told Jeffrey, grab Lucille at the Pool hall, I felt that I also know how To forget, ignore and hurt But I choose to grow Holy shit all these People are desperate enough To want to fuck me The big sour patch Kids are so much better than The regular ones Oh, don't worry, my Backlog is like a month long It won't happen soon hoses are purple Heart asters are gray sugar Is sweet and so on Have you ever felt? Self disgusted that you want To throw up your self It's really not that Hard to use turn signals why Don't people use them I'll be lying to Meas, if I told you, I'd Be catching feelings Hey, hi good morning Kong skull island was really Really, really good I'm really hungry I'm just gonna cry this is Just so frustrating Jeeze, Lucas, I am Looking for super powers Not different friends A fragrant midnight In a flash, the sun rises A smoldering night I match energies So you go ahead, decide How we're gonna act? My professor is Playing Christmas music a Month after Christmas My hair have gotten So long I don't even know What to do with it? Had it confirmed by? A real cop tonight, that all Cops love eating ass Are you doing A? Review of the official Full solo trailer To the Lombardi Trophy, I guess you could say You need a new carr Saying never mind Because you're just too lazy To repeat yourself The thought of having To go back to school today Makes me want to cry James has recently Started sneezing like a dad I think I'm pregnant Ok, what the fuck? Is going on these things with? William is fucked up I've cried so many [Troens] Today I don't even Know how I have more You're not pretty you Just have a good camera And lovely filters It will always go Higher or lower than you Think it would, Crypto Sometimes I wonder If maybe I'm the Kramer And not the seinfeld I hope it's nicer Where you are, cause I only Wanna lift you up? Wish you wanted it A little more, but it's a Chore for you to give This was her only Thing she did not like after She left, she was fine I understand that What is between me is wrong From the beginning More fun, more savings Let's delight the weekend with Some surprising deals She always wants to Stay with my mother except When I want her to Wanna make your moth? Lovers happy play light song It'll make their day Good day, remember? That God will always make A Way have a great day Merry Christmas I'm Trying to convince myself To shower and pack If black leaders are Not serving our people We must take them on My favorite days Are me laying in the bed? All morning with him Sag, you remember? That word, Burley going to Land you in prison I hate for people To take everything I say Seriously, like damn It's really out of My control, the way you feel Is not my problem? They cannot say that I did want to get stolen From a closed pocket Finished this workout But I'm gonna pay for it Tomorrow I'm sure That sinking feeling In your stomach when you know It's all going wrong Why am I waiting? For this person to answer If she never does Can I edit this? One instead of ur current Icon for my thread Lord, please, Lemme buy My plane ticket today it's Only five seats left OK, the way white People say sour cream is Enough as fuck One more overnight Work trip before being off For the holidays I've decided that A monthly massage is now My personal law Trying to see A Black Panther again since I See movies for free Welcome back, Enoch Good to see the old fire Still burning in you? I think people would Still be surprised even if They believe in them Think I'm gonna go Ahead and just delete my Twitter account now What's going on with? Upper management at Fox You will lose viewers My days are backward I wake up tired and go To bed wide awake whereas I get fucked Up quite often, really judge At your leisure, guys If anyone makes You laugh, it is not always Because they love you Are you ready for? Your blessings are you ready? For your miracle I keep putting my Comforter in the dryer I have a problem Women who support Trump and his nominations Make me fucking sick Hello, sure did that? Already a few times, but Can do that again I'm the worst person To piss off my attitude Does be so nasty Stop thinking about Me, so I can stop dreaming About you, God damn I'm just gonna watch Then perform if they do, Mic Drop in the morning The respect I give Has been taking for granted Should it continue? What's your favorite? Thing to do on the weekend With your family My header shows that Roses and sunflowers can Be a perfect match Man, a burger fries And shrimp tacos will really Dehydrate you quick Yeah, okay, I don't Trust anyone who hated The last Jedi now My professor, just Walked in looking like a pimp Off to a good start Graham Amen and Andy, Merry Christmas too You, your family Don't nobody say Shit bout what I posted bout Jeff, I can do that I'm gonna eat this Whole pan of brownies and not Give a single fuck Better days lately Despite the relapse, just not Expecting too much Someone send me some Money for food and I'll pay You back tomorrow? It's only Monday And this week already has Me so exhausted People have to read This, this is the biggest bomb About to go off It'll all be good At the end, because will push The restart button Dubious ass massage Chairs at the nails salon be Beating my head up I hate dislike guys Who are greedy or try to? Hurry me, good luck Happy birthday, pal No doubt you will be having A session, enjoy Hey, would you minding? Following back, I have A Quick question to ask One more fantasy Question for you, McKinnon Or alfred Morris? I'm just patiently Waiting for future travis To drop some new shit Music helps me go About my day, thank goodness For you good people Loving my new seat At work right by the window With great reception I cleansed my shower And tub combo and wow it? Looks extremely clean It's crazy how the Study of life is trying To ruin my life It costs you nothing To show a little ounce of Respect to people How the Dodgers let? Go of Charlie Culberson I'll always wonder I always spend nye Inside and always have a Blast with my people Did you ever try? The maybelline tattoo brow Again, the right shade Some people want it Some people wish it others Just make it happen Got a feeling we're Going to get embarrassed? By Leeds United I think Twitter is Just on crack as usual Whatever, go off I only hope that C cereal loves me just as Much as I love it Out of work early And it's my Friday this is Just what I needed How are you gonna? Try to get a married man To cheat on his wife Don't want nobody I test yo gangster before I even want you There is no other Way Jesus Christ is the way Have you receive him? People who tell u? Not to be in your feelings Cares more than u do I was saying why Did I know exactly what? You were gonna say Septic eye, are you? Going to upload Castle? And Kingdoms today Being single trash I wanna get in trouble For the shit, I post Maybe Kyle Scheible Was too ahead of his time For certain people I only need one Person to use my dosh code Someone please use it Doing little things I've been putting off, make me Feel so much better I'm starting to feel All the candy I've consumed In the past two days Is it really that? Hard to be in my presence Or spend time with me Really cool product Coming in the post soon can't Wait to review it Giving out advice The only thing that's keeping Me alive right now I enjoy talking To you everyday, I'm scared We might stop again Both of my neighbors Are listening to music? So loud and for why? Haters gonna hate But you're giving them a fuck Wow, Kudos to you? I guess I'm skipping My first class to study for My second class, lol Why is everyone? Doing a backup account? I'm missing something Even though they were Supposed to be dead, they were Not allowed to rest The only Christmas Movie I want to see is A Christmas story It's funny how the People who know me the least Have the most to say Rachel really went From Chad in Delta, Taco Bell to Taylor Hall The warriors are Some other type of gay shit Bro, I'm sick of this One of the strongest Motives to do wrong is to Make everything right Been talking to God Till I fall asleep today He spoke back to me How you gonna try? To win against me when you Can't even compete Writing I'd love to But I'll be to busy once Uni starts again You ever take nudes? And wanna jus post em cause? Yo shit, look so fye lol, can anything? Otherwise, or anyone want to? Piss me off today Some baby, mamas Start their drama way before The baby is born I really just want Someone to fuck me hard and Cuddle me softly Once upon a time There was a death eater and It took you captive Can't even say yup Right without my family Jumping at my throat Might fuck around and Do nothing except listen To music all day Scott Pilgrim vs The world is one corny ass Funny movie, lol I have a wallet Again, if I lose it, I'm The ultimate flop I believe in the Big band theory, God said it And bang it happened Be careful how much You tolerate your teaching Then how to treat you? When is Arsenal? Playing their own now, that my Bae and team are out How do turtles live? So long when they never get Exercise my son That is the Adam Larsson, everyone saw when He was a prospect Kahuna, your health Comes before everything, I Hope you feel better Pretending that you Don't need help of any kind Is the real weakness? I hate people that Always asking for advice But never use it I'm about to watch Status update again, I'm So happy for you It's a beautiful Day outside, birds are singing Flowers are blooming The cell Wiki is A special kind of place and I fucking love it There are so many Good concerts coming up this Summer can not wait Squishy human friend You must consume gaseous Oxygen, thank you I'm starting to think Being gay is a bad thing Around my brothers Fighting eat lots of Delicious food, keep warm and Be happy always Can u expense a? Dress for an artist wedding Asking for a friend If they really want Us to be happy they'd let Us pick ourselves Some people do shit To cause a lot of problems As Tex was saying Said to my lover In the battle, calmness sings Wisdom never wins I really want some Flies, but I cannot sit for A long ass time man Wow, leaving for work On time is awesome, I should Do this more often I don't care about Your predictions only care About what you do It's always that one Professor, that don't wanna Put grades in on time I spit like warren Sapp, pop that pussy like John Travolta, young boy I know everyone Hastes their job, but I really Fucking hate my job Cool, my library Is not nearly that big but? I'm working on it Gotta stop trying For the people who don't give A fuck about you Today was without A doubt, your worse show ever Take a vacation You avoid the poop? Not because it's dirty, but Because it's scary Dudes really suck and I have yet to have someone Show me different Embrace it, he is Gonna be special, won't get? Outsmarted for sure My mom pretended To call Santa one time when I was being bad Okay, I have seen Bambi furry porn, I think I'm now dead inside Good night, everyone See you tomorrow, thankyou For coming today Oh yeah, I really Look like that now, sorry, my Carrot was running Now I'm trying to Figure out how to get the Blind off my window I've never wanted To dub something as bad as I want to dub this Curtis is really [Laughing] And making fun of My Google searches I can't turn around Because my dog refuses To move off my back It's laughable that People think there's a better Player in the league Ahh, why people so? Silly, oh, oh, pick me, please Get in the real world I never ate all Day and I don't want nothing In this house to eat People act like your Actions are random like they Not the cause of them The only people That eat at Golden Corral Are Trump supporters? All the barbers out Here, fire just got a burst Fade from a barber My dumbass, really Went to work this morning and Left my phone at home I just want flawless Skin, but apparently that's Too much to ask for You're the prettiest Person on the face of the Planet gimme tips You expecting a? Text from me, but you never Gave me your number I wish someone came Over scooped me up to go On an adventure I'm just gonna chug Water and think about the Taste of alcohol Do they even need? Me tonight, this flight can go On without me, ugh Nothing will ever Beat the feeling of scoring A game winning goal All I've really done Today was sleep and eat and I'm okay with that I should probably Watch birth videos, but I Just can't handle it Humpty dumpty sat On a wall watching this fall Is so delicious? I'll be updating This thread one I finish up This one I'm making Stop taking baths in Milk, you freaks just be ugly Like the rest of us I've eaten too much Chocolate, I have no regrets Just a tummy ache The train is running Express just for me, God is On my side, maybe Can this weekend get? Here already I'm trying To leave already Go nuclear mitch! But I got a feeling this Coward won't do it Kate upton, sweetie I'm so sorry, your husband Is that annoying? Nothing better than Cuddling up with my daughter After a long day I'm keeping my phone On, do not disturb for the Rest of my life, lol La Huntington Beach Phoenix, all in two short days And I'm throwing up We loved having you At church today, if you're new With us, welcome home I always do what I'm supposed to I just have To take a nap first Lovely day out there So why not spend an hour? Queuing for the tip My face is killing Me, I never had to smile So much in my life Train from London to Glasgow is that warm, my lush Bath melt is now oil I don't understand Why it's so hard for people? To leave me alone Somebody please, just Like, fix my stomach, I can't Take it anymore The bonds of people Are truly a wondrous sight No matter your age Me I'm dying, bro Lo, you're not dying me, I'll Be the judge of that I'm so disgusted In myself, dude lol like why Did I okay that? One aspect of my Life is trash while the other Aspects are thriving What joy mortals join? The happy chorus, which the? Morning stars began The power of Christ Compels you no but for real Stay the fuck away Slayer, I can fit The guy calls a person, hey? I love yourself first Why do fat people? Who post photos of themselves? Always go viral Wonder if they are Putting the cookies and milk? Out for me this year Taking naps before Work really fuck me up, I Don't want to get up Been to lazy to Physically write so my Notes are piling up I'm hanging out with My cousins and I forgot How ghetto they are? If thinking was A Drug I would have overdosed A long time ago It's amazing how stupid, someone can be and Run for a house seat I don't wanna live Forever cause I know I'll Be living in pain Offset would've been Arse after I got done With his ugly ass If I start braiding Hair, I wonder would I get Alot of business I should probably Watch got before they release The final season Stop talking, I don't Listen to you boys, get the Fuck up out my face Can you imagine? Bucky seeing Steve die, right? In front of his eyes Money is honest Because why because you can't? Lir about money I just wanna watch Further movies with my friends And be fat tonight Track your dominos Is genius, but he better Put his foot on it That was funny have A lovely night, everyone See you all later My teacher just gave US The Final Study Guide During the review People who love you Will hate seeing you do good Just a fact of life I want someone to Turn all of these into A Coffee table book Goddamn, I feel like I have to chug a monster After reading that If happiness gets Ordinary, we turn to sorrow For a change of pace I guess people don't Really want to win as bad As I fucking do Girl, baby, I think I'm pregnant and I wanna Keep the baby guy Just thinking about You makes me cry because u Mean the world to me I might accept the Reception for awhile until It lost its appeal Let the music warm Your body like the heat of A thousand fires Can't be lazy this Year, go get you some money Invest in yourself Good morning, have a Fun, fabulous Friday, take Care be safe always So spoke the silence At the river, tyrants pause Evil never bows Merry Christmas, Ra Wishing you another year Of massive success Dear body, don't sleep Please, I'm so excited for The next episode Where is Lesbian? Film, Twitter, at I need to Follow more of you I can't sand people That always think somebody Worried about them? Cute without the e Is such a good song title? I want to steal it I'm so annoyed, lol I just cracked the entire Fuck outta my phone I can't imagine Living in a world without? My mom or grandma Gonna have to kill Me, I'm never gonna stop Chattin, bout Philly This semester has Been the hardest semester Of my college life Movie and coffee Yes, someone ready to sleep Super late tonight Gonna be in fort Worth for the summer, P No More Irish weather They made me listen To a whole country song and Then hung up on me Ya gotta have a (laugh) The holidays are the Times we all need it Good morning, I just Wanted to remind you that You are good enough Thanks for telling me That it's comforting to think About it that way I'm very impressed With how articulate and? Witty, this kid is You've been glowering For days, your face is going To get stuck that way Some random little Kids came knocking on my door Asking for a dime Have you ever met? Someone that could only be Described as Dopey Only these crazy Ass catches and things happen In the Super Bowl All I think about When watching Duke is, why are? These guys in college Oh, the depression Is really bad for me so So bad Sunday nights I remember, Coach Carter was my favorite Movie at one point The early birds are Already here, time to act Call in the Marines It's only midday And it already feels like It's never ending I dare someone to Give me a spicy noodle Pack for Christmas Best season ever I followed match by match in This amazing year Scully is dispatched To Los Angeles to have Tea with aliens You saw me coming Before I even knew that I was on the way People calling me With their petty ass problems Like I really gaf Y'all today is a Sad day for the music world I can't believe it So spoke the silence Over coffee, drunkards, pause Hash always bows I am not perfect I would never let you think I was more than this This is a disgrace Prayer for our country guys This cannot go on Hey, are you fucking? Wiking me with this, I am Joint, this is crazy Stop trying to be Perfect, keep in mind you were Made to make mistakes Never kiss a girl's Stirling, unless u really Mean not to hurt her Anything I have? I worked hard for nobody Can take that from me Everything you said Is right, I see a Senate Run in the future Thinking about the Show ant farm makes me angry That show was a crime I'd never lie to You, unless I have to, I'll Do what I got to People annoy me So much like no wonder I Keep my circle small It's gonna be a Long ass time before I come Back to the city That was a mistake Remind me to never talk To a girl again A president who? Dones half his salary To the greater good There was a tumblr Post saying he replied, or Was that not enough? Time to dial back The nice meter because I Will not be walked on My biggest downfall Looking out for people when? I barely had shit My mom always tells Me I'm special, but I still Don't know who Ed is Which of your heroes? You talking about Ronald? Reagan or George Bush? So sorry for your Loss mate, sending love to you And your family Okay, I'm starting To miss this person but at The same time, fuck ya Did I really watch? Ralph breaks the Internet and Cry my eyes out, yes Harry looked so good In Calvin Klein suits on tour Especially the boots Speaking it into Existence today will be A productive day I just scheduled it With knuckles, avatars came Out today is an The connection in The game is fucking garbage Fix the fucking game God, I can't believe Decided to wear boots for A standing concert lol, kay, army might Be the funniest thing I've Read all, yeah, ever I think it's only Fair that I get myself a Large pizza tonight Some your suggestions During our improv shows Keep us up at night New the outer worlds Details tomorrow I can T wait, give me now Most liberals are AWESOME people at their core They pretend a lot Petty bitches are The weakest link women have To stick together A couple of these Pictures, man, thanks a lot, bro Happy half birthday Someone go to prom With me so my sister will Shut up about it Plus, wifi flying At high altitudes right now So I'll fake confess Really can never Catch a break anymore, I'm Ready to leave now? I love Kate so Much, I would definitely Be lost without her How is it dirty? Money did you wipe your ass? With it or something Hi, ferry, are you? In Jakarta this week, can We meet on Friday Can we impose A? Heavy fine and then release Jon Flanagan, Prick The amount of food? I'm going to have today Should be illegal What about shipping? To Kurdistan Iraq, please Add Iraq as well I'm just happy that One of my colleagues help me With this weather, lol For some reason, the Japanese version works, but Not the English one Just saw a spider And then it disappeared, right? Next to my window Happy new year to You and your family, Rick Best wishes to you I'm still afloat I'm Not a captain of a yacht But I'm on a boat Been praying for the Better, but it feels like shit Only getting worse Feeling to message This girl again, but I might Just ruin her life Gotta flip my sleep Schedule around so hoping I get to sleep soon When I feel falling I remember the phrase Stay Strong and keep going A silver morning In the forest, scurrying A sultry evening We're up and running Your favorite dry cleaning Service in Lagos Why do people give? Reasons if they can find ways To make it happen I feel yucky on The inside and out today I'm ready for bed Still playing Detroit? Becoming human and messing Up my decisions We are not cartoons Dang it cartoon characters Give me a break, bro They might be worried That they received money from The Trump Foundation I'll be streaming A Very special game tonight Yes, very special All the contractors Who work for the government? Do not get paid back I really hate when People call my name like what? The fuck do you want? I'm not even mad Honestly, you just won't ever Hear from me again Poor eye contact lies Or something amiss in the Head, for example You can't be angry With God and not believe in Him at the same time Holy shit making My schedule for Uni is Stressing me out, ahh? I just wanna go Home I'm alone and depressed I want my life back I've never been a Big Tiger fan, but I'm pumped To watch this today People love to call Each other selfish, but can't See it in themselves Okay, fuck the like System, I'm just gonna post All the songs I like I just assumed that's The normal state of affairs For that stadium I'm not sleepy, ugh Why always when I should go? To sleep, I just can't My boyfriend is my Every world without him I would be so lost God really needs to Help me, I cannot go on Like this forever I'm crying my eyes Out at Stevie Nicks on AH's This is so fucked up A person who loves You will never hurt you, I Again, say never Sorry for calling Jin Mom once or maybe twice I just can't help it You ever just wake? Up with roll over sadness From the night before Hi, take a moment To reflect on a few self Enhancing things, wow? Today would be my Last presentation for this Semester hell, yeas Maybe I should sell My soul to the devil and Win the lottery I'm wondering what? I could be doing to stop Being bored to death Why does everyone? Otherwise, get a Christmas jumper Today and not me Rain for today, if Game is canceled, we will let You know when we hear Running to the store Finishing my papers then? Taking a hot bath? Just copped some polo Kisses for you, bitches that Need some horse power? I wanted to get In touch with my maker and I'm glad I did that Something is always Happening in my life at This point, I'm tired Autumn and winter Sun is so enriching and Surprising, I love it I've been so ugly All week because I just don't Want to comb my hair? What's killing me is? He got a jack o lantern Tattoo on his cheeks This is one reason Why I stay to myself don't Get close to people Good coffee, good day Bad coffee, bad day today Bad coffee, good day Out until next week's Game against the Vikings are You ready for it? Tim Yelling, let's get This bread is what I needed To hear this morning Summer is great, but I honestly don't know what To do with my life Just wanna thank God For the blessings again, past Few years, been unreal Someone took two of Our zines from the open House I'm in today They say he's drawing Symbols in the sand until His pain's gone, baby Happy birthday, sir May God bless, u keep making Us laugh as always Beautiful, thank you For sharing your photos on Your special day, X Prom is Friday and I still don't have anyone To do my makeup I'm just gonna go Ahead and say it Whitehouse Donuts are garbage There's an on button On one of the buttons at The front of her top If you wanted to Sell records, just get back to Making good music Playing a white sport Coat and a pink carnation By Marty Robbins Why do I always? Fall in love with a person Who can't love me back? Baby, you're gonna Have a concert ready by The time I come back You deserve so much Better than that fucking sack Of absolute trash The beautiful game The game was intense from the Very first minute McGain K offers A flashlight map, compass tent A working sat phone Same and also it's Christmas, so we are allowed To eat lots of food The dust bunnies hear Me, it's time to gather you Fucking balls of puff Bubba peed in his Pottery today, the things that Make parents happy Keep reminding me That you ignore me, I don't Want to forget that? It looks like someone Trying to play snake on an Old Nokia phone You willing to come? To Gloucester City for me It's in New Jersey Sometimes you gotta Yee, the haw before you can Haw the yee, ya know? Dear future self, you Can make it just be patient And trust the process I'm heartbroken, I'm Never going to fucking Recover from this And we will finish Bottom, hopefully that will Force them to get rid I'm dying to share The news, but I can't because I made a promise Well, you cannot tell About the lack of sleep, you? Guys are rocking it hoses are orange Primroses are black sugar Is sweet and so on She is cutting deep These remarks are worthy of Becoming a book Holy shit, I thought It was over, but guess what? He is texting me Who wanna watch the? Grimm adventures of Billy And Mandy with me My immune system Is so weak I'm already? Getting sick again Getting called into Work already like God can I get a day off More bank holidays Now for the many, not the Phew, what a scorcher? I really cannot Express how excite I am To see black panther Don't talk about shit You know nothing about do Your fucking research I'm sorry for all The mccree I'm just gay and Can't handle myself Kayla, really just [whispered to me] I'll deal with You when we get home? Why does he always? Get a little black boy, man To be his co star Am I legit leave? A comment down below, if We have done business My brother an I We're really checking his bud Out in the restroom Kyle Nolan, let's go On an adventure we can Invite nature too So reporters are Asking why, Hue and Haley? We're fired really Haley, Baldwin says Trump election destroyed her Family, see more This laptop is so Damn slow, I'm about to throw It out the window I'm retired, so I'm Always on vacation, which? Bass Pro Shop, is this? How can someone think? That high school musical is Better than Camp Rock There are so many Cute kids in costumes out in Brooklyn, I'm crying Good luck studying Make sure to take regular Breaks, stay hydrated Christian, slater in Heather's is the ultimate Daddy, let's be real So back to rooting For Buffalo again well They have Logan still It amounts to what? 'Anther it deserves to be Of self government Adam Silver just Gotta fix the dunk contest Before next year, lol Someone do this with Me, but without the need to Be a couple, thanks It's not Thanksgiving Unless ur teeth are purple From wine, am I right? It's my birthday so Everyone has to do what I say I'm a king lol, why you always? Like everything you going Bblew up my phone, lol How is the morphine? Drop, triple check before you Tweet during the drip Gotta stop these bad Habits of driving in the Middle of campus Dear Esteemed ego Keep touch with me whenever I decide my aim On another note I have all of my homework Done for the weekend Honestly, don't want To take this exam, I know I'm not gonna pass We got our caps And gowns today it's getting Closer and closer Honestly, I don't Think any year has been best But maybe this year This would only be Common sense, though, we only Do this for hackers If it ain't about Some money I'm not putting No pressure on it Open your heart to Me darling, I'll give you love If you hold the key I want some chicken Express, but I don't wanna Drive in this weather Dear Samantha, so Sorry about your ms have A happy new year I would've been more Than willing had I been asked But it's whatever Look into my heart The places that I've fallen They can show the way I can't believe I Ever let myself forget? Who the fuck I am? Happy birthday, girl Your pre highlighted textbook Has been such a help Baby girl, you are Perfect, don't let anyone Tell you different Is it Wednesday yet? 'Cause I'm ready for my first Real Valentine's Day Another weak man Who will not get away with? Being a weak man Alex Wood owe me A fade after that weak ass Homer, he gave up Ion, give a fuck Bout shit, except the shit, I Give a fuck about This company could Use a man like Jericho Right now, honestly Finally learned how To start savin my money And I'm living it Sometimes I'm happy Other times I hurt myself But I'm still alive Yo man having a Seizure and you still trying? To unzip his pants We should be removed The laws of moral bog hoe The trunk was melted His raggedy ass Mother sent him away to Dr broke my lil heart Movies that I watch Every day with the kids Trolls, coco and sing Don't ask nobody For shit hustle til you get To where you need to I'm an Anglican And we're mostly focused on The cultural left Somebody out here Went to do what you won't Do remember that Y'all I'm about to Do hair all day working on One hour of sleep Made vegan tacos Tonight and I'm pretty damn I'm impressed with myself All those women gave Birth to little arns just by Standing next to him I saw someone laugh React my post too to urge To beat them is high Sometimes you gotta Take a break from making A Game to play a game I told myself I Would go to the gym today I lied to myself I need the money Y'all be having going from The bus to a benz I'm selfish, I want You all to myself, you don't Need nobody else I will always love You, but today's the day I Choose to walk away Why would Blue Ivy? Tell her parents not to clap Sit the fuck down, lol Jodi Jodi, thanks For the follow, so glad you Are going to teach? They're crazy if they Think I'm gonna do all this By myself again Alcohol makes me A lot more forgiving than I would be sober I don't remember The last time I cooked dinner I should be ashamed Who targets Austin? We're just a bunch of hippies Be safe, everyone I was expecting To get nothing today is Feeling very loved Who said anything? About killing himself, what? Planet, are you on? OK, good that gives Me a bit of extra time To drop a few pounds Fuck me, Daddy, give Me ur hot, juicy throbbing Cock, cum in my mouth I gave my sermon An urban kick my rhymes are Fly my beats are sick Every man stands On the rich earth impaled by A ray of sunlight Has anyone seen? Lobby hero cause, um, yea My boyfriend's in it I hate college, not Really because of the work I just miss my mom Nobody stands in Between me and my man, it's Me and Mr Jones I'm fixing to start Using this way more often So stay updated Hospitals make me So tired I'm on the verge Of falling asleep It would really mean A lot if you would subscribe To my new channel Happy birthday, pops We love you and enjoy your Day Norman Miller I'm the future, that's Here to show you what happens Tomorrow, bad guy Yo can Riverdale Get it's shit together, I Need Archie out now Shit, sorry very Sorry, thanks for reminding Us of our place Never again, Will I be taken for granted That's on me, baby Baby driver, not Winning a sound editing? Oscar is just wrong Go ahead and toss That Wildcat play with Jordan Out of the playbook Sometimes people come In your life, just to teach You how to let go? I really get stopped Everywhere, lol, I need to Stop being social I miss my brother Glad my granny teaching me How to write him back? Hi, you beautiful Human being, I hope you're Having a good day Sounds brilliant, our First story students are in For a treat today WASHING all day, I Am'so behind wash dry fold I have to do it What we're doing is Fun, if you have any sense Of humor at all Freeze is a good Movie, but not worth the hype Fight me if you want Here is some advice Since trees make oxygen then Oxygen makes trees Something, of course, I Think the warranty expired? A few months ago Off topic question But is that your kitty in? Your profile picture We missed the shuttle To the fucking wedding are You kidding me, bro? I feel like fucking Shit and I just wanna sleep For a thousand years Try creating your Own concepts for a while, you May surprise yourself My professor, just Send me a thank you email I just want to cry Bill's the universe Is a hologram feel more? Than ever today Finals week is so Odd I had a dream about Using CD software? My cooking skills are Top notch, my hubby should be Happy to have me Today, when I woke Up I found a cow, Rosa A book and a pig Best first date ever Don't wanna jinx it, but still Gotta say it, lol Thank you, Paulo, let's Get this dumpster fire out Of the people's house You don't give people The reaction they want, watch That shit eat'em up All travellers are And the police and councils Do nothing wasters I knew something was Up when I woke up wanting To puke from laughing When I remember? These girls are all exactly Who I know they were? Your girl, u gotta Give them updated, you keep Then a kiss on this Oh, girl for goodness Sake, you think I'm crying on? My own well, I ain't I hate eating chips A quiet room, awkward looks From other people If your woman can Sit and enjoy the office With you marry her Why are people so? Angered by this concept, it's Just a tube chill out I'm pretty gross, but You're probably even more Gross than I am D She's so wonderful And that was honestly a Highlight of my life If you wanna pick? Up a southern accent just Bend over, Patrick My dad about to Be so confused as to why I'm here this early All the gay alter Parents know all the other Gay alter parents Never get upset Something better and greater Is waiting for U I honestly just Want Justin Bieber to write? A Christian album Melch my heart onto An envelope and seal my Love letters to you If you don't listen To monster when you workout I can't fuck with you I've discovered that The new stock of Avanti S jets are junky Somebody pull up On me wit some chicken, my Chicken levels low I will always have God inside my heart that more Important to me It really has been An absurdly long day, folks I'm really torn up I really missed out On the festival life, but I'll figure it out I reckon Joe wins And the smug looking fella As a win double Wish I was going To church tonight instead of Pulling this double? If you take steaming Hot showers in the summer You're Satan himself Lubbock people there Is a dog park going in? At McKenzie Park I really need to Stop being this careless when I'm high, it's tiring I can't believe, Jess N Ryan broke up on New Girl, I'm so upset I've never panicked So much in my life until Today, holy shit I'm going both home Teams today, Patriots and Eagles, what you got? Heavyweight is such A fucking garbage fire But that was awesome Jumping at gigs is It's own form of exercise My calves are in bits Gotta go to the Library before class and Print this paper out The scariest thing For me right now is feeling Nothing for no one Somehow I had a Feeling Hannie would be the Mc, he was so cute So now, taxpayers Have to pay to make Sarah Sanders, look human Send me the pictures From yesterday, all ugly And good looking ones I love fucking with People who love to look out Support each other His last birthday, not? Behind bars, remember this? One, it's historic Can someone tell me? The best way to do contempt Of Pakistan court Can't deal wit people While I'm sober man, that shit Gives me a headache I deserve so much Better then you could ever Possibly give me My back, finally Feel better lol it's only Been over a week Honestly, I don't Know what I did to deserve Lizzy in my life You hear me, Atlas Andrew Ryan offers you Nothing but ashes The colder it gets The harder it is getting Out of bed, I swear You say crazy, I? Say me, you say perfection I say Nash Grer I can't wait until I get some good fall colors Where I go, hiking Screw global warming I want my autumn back why Is the sun still here? Super glad I have This trauma induced response To trying to sleep My doctor asked me How much of a pregnancy? Risk, am I today? I really need a Wig, I just only want straight Hair tomorrow night I was following Him in da prison, look to Finish my fade, please Do I want coffee? Before bed every night Or a flat stomach? Even if we fall Off ion wanna let that Take my friend away Nothing like trying To figure out to go back To work or stay home [Josten] Stop cleaning Your camera roll and go Study what the fuck I gave myself a Bloody nose almost passed out Driving home today? The figure in blue Sneaked about the motel and The deserter gasped Someone wanna tell? Me how to lose stomach fat Please, I beg of yu This trip was kinda Fun, but I'm ready to get Back to my baby Just wanna cuddle And watch movies, oh, can you? Play in my hair too Dalton always leaves Me speechless, he is so so Good and so humble I let people in And they always without doubt Manage to hurt me My baby, please don't Try to hide who you truly Are I want to cry? Sure, Uribe's might Be ready, but does he need? To be here for this I think it's funny How people walk around school? With big ass tablets Whew, Chloe and Halle? Doed came a long way enjoyed The kids are alright No, invite him and Seat him near the kitchen at The kiddie table The best Chinese food Is the one your parents buy? You when you visit? Chuck Norris once won A chess tournament using Only the king piece I just remembered My burning passion for stage Magic, holy shit Status quo, you know? Is Latin for the mess we're? In Ronald Reagan Zuckerberg, there will Always be a version of Facebook, that is free My mom's probably Sleeping, but I need her to Help me feel better I'm not drinking like I did this weekend again Can't ever be me Saw my Harry shirt And pointed at it and smiled My life is complete Why y'all gotta make? The best actress nominees Interact with trash I got enough things To love and garbage plastic Nothingness can't fit I fuck wit people Who keep themselves updated? With current issues Your writing today Favorite has me looking Forward to viewing Too much energy Is given to dead vessels? In this day and time I keep seeing that [Message] Pop up, it's a shame How true it is, though? Say goodnight, but we Don't wanna end it we don't Wanna fall in love? Sorry, Matt, I won't Be able to make it with You, I gotta work Somebody watch Grinch The movie in Spanish with Me, it looks so good lol, what exactly? Is this African fan base? Offering wale, please Acid on me like The rain weed crumbles in the Glimmer, rain, glitter Only a few more Months till I'm reunited With my birth mother I'm tired of that Stuff sitting in my pantry lol, it's been a month Now listening to New Gary Burton Quartet In your quiet place Trying to feed the Pigeons and one of 'em won't Stop being horny No iPhone portrait Mode does not count as senior Pictures, that is all Something about it? Really freaks me put, but it's Cool at the same time Vote Democrat in November for people who Believe in the truth I promise to sit Down and write all my replies I owe soon promise Told my manager I'll contact you when I feel Like working again I can't figure out How to get this hospital? Chair to recline fuck I am gonna sleep Cos a buttery ass voice Just joined my CD Honestly, he's too Lean and too stylish for his Age, it's off putting It does not matter How slowly you go so long? As you do not stop Happy new year, Mo I have restrained myself and Remembered the name My husband said they Look like a pair of Bobcats In a flour sack My mom has never Let me drive her range rover But let John drive it Never got one, don't Want to hear from the asshole? In chief, anyway There is nothing more Peaceful and beautiful than Watching the sun set Q can sometimes lose It for one inning and that's Enough clutch this Q I guess I'm apart Of trusting the process now If you know, you know My baby gets his Phone back on Monday, all I'm Looking forward to I starved myself all Day today, so that I can Eat on this exam This place is even Bigger and more weapon y Than I remember Everything in life Is about perspective so? Find your best angle So maybe you should Stop attending meetings that Can start without you I've been passing A Lotta bread up, son like real Talk, I mean a lot I always wonder What opposing players talk? About when on base United has been Doing a shit job, I think We can do better I don't wanna work Full time anymore, I just Want to go to school? Why am I watching? Rocky and Bullwinkle and [Laughing] My ass off Going to delete? Account or go inactive I'll decide later Guy, our last day Of freshman year, it's scary Who fast time goes by? Fenn, you are aware That you are merely Robin To your cats, Batman You gotta promote Self because that's the only One that really cares Hello, do you have? Any questions or concerns? We can help with OP Love changes, people I was remembering scenes From romance novels You can make progress Or you can make excuses But you can't do both I love Manhattan The drive is painful, but it's Worth it in the end From a strong woman Wish nothing but always pray For her to be strong Can u follow me? So I can stop annoying All my followers Alright, I've had it When are you coming back to? La, I need answers Why did I agree? To this butt fuck early ass Shift on my day off Man, I let myself Go but believe me, I'm gone Get back on my shits When are we going? To stop being religious Only on Sundays Walking up and down Steels is getting a solid No, from me today Back up scripts, Julie Saw the failure coming from? Miles away, that's why Cutting my hair gives Me a chance to start over Again, can't you see? What are you doing? Child, if you're going to kill Me do it quickly Turning all my l's In lessons I don't want Nothing but blessings I don't wanna run Away, but I can't take it I don't understand I'm sitting on the [ porch crying] I wish I had Someone to talk to The real question is Who's down to do sum stupid? Shit over summer Only if y'all knew The stress that was behind it Nothing but blessings Chan, no, but our Glasses got stuck together In our first kiss My prediction is Frederick, OK royals don't Make us wait too long It's a marathon Not a sprint, but we're going At marathon pace Happy birthday, great Skills and awesome talent may God keep blessing you He has retracted The statement saying it was Made out of anger Tip, never waste your Empenses on people who don't Give value on you Why do people roll? In the bar, smelling like A whole turtle tank I'm buzzed going to Yoga can't decide if it's A good or bad thing He was indicted For lying, nothing to do With Trump try again Shower after this Show then I'm out too enjoy This lovely Friday I'm tearing up A Bit that ending credits, I Love the song so much Excited for this upcoming year, it's blessings Like never before Amen, at least I've Got a game of catch coming Up this afternoon My car got broken In as well this is such A shitty day man Is it allowed to? Report on polls before the Voting boxes close Everytime I look In his dark brown eyes, I Lost myself in them Hello friends, I will Be live online in a few Minutes do stay tuned Thursday, I did not Fucking, expect her to rip My wig this early I love this doctor He's a laker fan and we Just chatting it up Try looking deeper Include yourself to find out What the problem is? God be sending me Signals at the right times, Yo It be scary, son Nope, not totally Against the use of dolphins Though if I'm honest A reminder that We will be getting a watch Me do dance practice Spurs players need to Staple a man city player To get a red card Sometimes you have to Let things go in order to Find true happiness Lord, whatever you Do if you making cramps go? Away, take mine first I want to delete Everything, let all thing just Be old memories I ain't gotta strip To get the pole position lol, Nicki, come on I don't even dance But why does lost in Japan? Makes me wanna dance You should be writing Like a commissioner, mad About a cracker I love Saturday's I be working my ass off And it feels so good Bummer, hope you can Get it flowing, got a space Heath for that spot Kinda want to do A giveaway, but don't think Anyone would join Don't be with someone If you're just going to think About someone else My thoughts exactly That is why they are trying To fired, Muller I can't even deal With how cute my baby is In these overalls History is just A story, but there are more Even the real one I really don't feel Like getting outta bed or Doing shit today? My baby took me To special place said he had A surprise for me Harry Potter should Be rated r for the huge ' amount of cursing I was just trying To help the cute little snail That talks in my head Maybe if I change My layout, I'll feel more in Control of my life August Walker might Be an asshole, but he is My kind of asshole Let my bitch order My food cause I ain't trying To wait in public Everyone in here Is stuffing their faces with? Overpriced junk food Treat my nina like My old hoes start acting up And I'm dumping it So much for telling Me, I am your new header Sad life for me, Hay Find someone else who Could look this adorable Before giving birth Can you imagine? A lighting mcqueen instead Of lightning, McQueen Crush this empty suit Liberal, Puke, Red velvet In the voting booth Trying to hover Over the toilet, whilst drunk Is an extreme sport I just remembered Anne's edit hold on, I still Need you, I'm in tears The intro to your Murder of Crow's piece is in Extremely bad taste Always be grateful For what u have never take Things for granted, X I see condensing Two products and expanding A customer base Y'all be hanging out With people y'all talk about Like dogs and I can't If I could listen To music non stop, I would Love life even more I'm almost done with My online class, I just need To write an essay Thother's witch Hazel Is so good except I don't Know what it's doing? Sorry if I'm not Perfect all I can do is To make you happy That's not gonna do Anything but make them crave Lil, kids, more stupid I don't wanna be With somebody just to say I'm with that person My nephew's spending The night again, he needs to Go home already I'm being careful So that my account will not Be locked up today Never gonna work If you can't even put in The damn minimum Julius is not well He is suffering from A Very high fever I do that sometimes Also have a dream like that And wake up fighting Talking about pets Made me want another dog But keep it this time The office, I think My water just broke dustin' Story of my life The reason why I'm Doing this, it's because of What you did to me? One minute till my Angels, come back, I'm gonna Cry, I'm not ready Imagine the pain Of having to live with an Ugly ass tattoo What Haitian Voodoo? Lady put this curse on my Life, what did I do? Anything but that? Like something more honest, I Guess, but okay, O Sugar those who can't Make it at Dragons Den Go To the apprentice I just want respect You ain't gotta fear me, but You better feel me I really have A List of restaurants I need To take myself to You look like someone Who's got a lot going on? Under the surface So yea, I'm really The most petty living thing In this milky way I'm never going To understand bleaching your Asshole, I'm just not I need a little Something extra to get me Through the day today Giving people a Reason to go out in this Weather is not smart Got a mouth ulcer From my retainer and it's So painful, my god Sorry, squash, u can't Come anymore, Tony said Ur gonna spoil it Eva's nuptials could Give the royal wedding a Run for its money I was reading through The Scriptures this afternoon Just an after thought I'm getting that pain In my heart again, am I? Going to die soon? Imagine cross play For red dead redemption, they Should look into that They don't listen so They deserve the delusion And mass confusion I'm getting to A Point where I no longer like To share my food, lol So she has stolen Something from him, whatever? It is, bring it back Happy birthday, friend I hope you get everything You wish for today? My man, Mike Pesson With the best non sequitur You will read all day Closer and closer We get to Christmas the more I miss my grandpa I'm being forced to Help landscape our backyard I'll be back later I have wasted shit Lots of time this semester And I have regrets Can we talk about? What single people should do? On Valentine's Day It's so much money In Vegas can't b broke if U put mind to it Your love is scaring Me no one has ever cared For me like you do I wonder what's it's Like to date someone with the Same zodiac sign Hi, everyone first Time on here, just wondering About how it works I've accepted the Fact that I'm never going To get a haircut You are beautiful Valid, loved and accepted Never forget that Sushi and starbucks On this cold ass Saturday I'm a basic bitch Your radio show Has produced years of nothing Three days is nothing It's gonna last a Couple of weeks, so you will Have plenty of time Do you think current? Tax law will have an effect On US investors I wish I always Had hard seltzer and peanut Butter on standby Dick and Giggles and Wweed is all I can offer Unless you special To purchase the new Book either way I'm so far Again, I will wait Please do not settle For someone just because you Are bored or lonely? Andrew, wake up in The morning wanting to talk All he do is talk Learn from others and In doing so, you will learn About yourself, kam Mexicans are busts As racist as white people Dude, it's disgusting It's suppose to rain This weekend fuck homecoming I'm staying at home I'm either super Nice or super rude when I'm Tired, it's crazy [man] When Brady gets? Hit something happens to me Down in the privates Remind me not to Drink a protein shake before Going on a trail Why are some people? Eating tide or trying to On Twitter today Hey, siri, remind Me to go to goodwill on My lunch break today Thanks so much, Bonnie Cocaffeine is being consumed In epic amounts Before you ask why? Someone hates you as yourself Why you give a fuck? Someone tell micah Boney ass to tell Phillip Quit calling my phone Even though I have Bad eyesight, I can see a Hate from mile away Trying to decide On what to eat is always A hard decision I don't have patience For people, so I just stop Talking to they ass I have never seen Super troopers, and I think I'm OK with that I can only hope My musical career goes Half as far as his Why are people mad? Because of Liam's caption What is going on? Birthday bash now, the Mother of all hangovers Please tweet quietly Schofield, why did you? Not call me over, I was Ready to throw hands [Message for the day] Any day above ground and? Free is a good day I really try so Hard to contain my crazy But it never works Do any of these? Photos remind you of the Home you grew up in Some advice, keep your Circle small, will it always? Works better that way I cannot shop for People, I get distracted And shop for myself I want a supreme Pizza, cabbage, rice and fry Okra from churches I'd rather be bored By myself, than be bored with A group of people That nap long shower Got me feeling fresh again Now back to the books Life really starts to Bang when you find that inner Peace and clarity People come and go But only few true remains Feeling loved with J It's amazing how Much better you feel when you Eat healthy, who knew? Job interview this Thursday, finally, please send Positive vibes, lol I hope you're better Off without me in your bed And sleeping soundly Selling trading cards On steam is a lot harder Than it used to be I keep seeing these Resist bumper stickers, what? Are you resisting? So dusty in here? Yikes, I better start doing Something about it? I'm crying a big Spider just crawled on my bed I hate this country She won't reverse shit She does not have the power She wishes she did People need to stop Being an asshole to me Today, like for real I love spending time With myself, I put myself In such a good mood The fate of chaos Is born time for destruction? Of the broken wars Noone asked him about His solo project next year New drama, maybe It's crazy to think That I only have one week Left in Wichita Brandon is going To be at biggest weekend With Sam I'm crying I was sleeping so Good now I'm ready to fight Do not wake me up Oh, so you're saying That haute couture culture is Fatal child labor Tae, stop being cute And handsome at the same time My heart can't handle My grandma, really Is my best friend Grandma and? Mom in one person Alright, here's hoping I don't wake up and regret What happened tonight? How you treat others? Is a reflection of what? You think of yourself? Never let someone Steal your happiness, it was Never their's to take Good morning, I love You all and hope everyone Has had a good day Taking a new step uttering a new word is What people fear most? Tucker Carlson is Vile, he's getting off lightly Stay frosty, Tucker! Counting line numbers Is the worst part of being? An English major Fallas, you know how? It is when you can only Cry when you work out What a great weekend For sewing, what projects do? You have on the go Nobody likes me Just some like the person I'm Pretending to be Has Chris Paul always? Been an asshole, or is this? Something new for him I'm home, I'm going To work on drawing homework And then I'll be on Yep, really looking Forward to our game now Attack V attack No written sentence Ever needs to start with IF You are reading this You ever just been? In a negative place, things Ain't going your way Why is everything? Taking a left turn for me Do I deserve this? I've never missed my [Banger] So much, I just wish I could be with him Thank you for sharing This with us, we have informed The main control room I never believed In the concept of soul mates Until I met you Can't wait for today To be over with this shift Is fucking dragging? Having someone new Will help the healing process Okay, let's find one I was running in Circles I hurt myself just To find my purpose First thing I'm doing When I get home, is going To get a haircut I just wanna come Home to a body massage After a long shift Somebody came back In da picture, bud happens To the best of us Football is stupid How do you even think that? Was not a touchdown My morning's been shit I just want my cousin to Be here already Ready to be back Home in Sacramento still Got scores to settle Each morning it gets Harder and harder to get Out of bed for school I almost wished I Had a boo to cuddle with Then I caught myself I can't even come To Tallahassee wit out Seeing a fine girl What happens if you? Don't achieve these quarterly Or yearly sales goals? Trying so damn hard To keep myself together It ain't working tho A massage and some Movies would be nice when I Get back to the crib Rainy weather is A dream, I love starry skies Who are beautiful? (Still chicken fingers) Fries, wine and taking my ass Outside, near the pool I probably should Get my toes done before I Get my foot tattoo Just wanted to let You know that being mixed is Really hard sometimes Somebody bashed me (Near) Somebody messed with the Shampoo, oh, truly I'm done putting in Effort for people who don't Do the same for me Older white man with A young foreign Asian wife He bought her online lol, these people want To kill me, I cannot rest A day in my life We all need someone To talk to dealing with the Pressure of the world Wow, you two liars? Together should be a treat For your listeners I'm going to go Make a drink, I'm not going To be nice tonight Mexican moms will Work doubles and still find A Way to cook dinner Money fall on you Banana, fall on you, cause I'm in love with you Let me not even Talk about top off, let me Not even go there Congrats to you and Your beautiful daughter, come! Wheel her down to us Throws it all away To go and party, it's cool Tho karma is real Happy birthday, you Beautiful ray of sunshine Hope it's amazing Are y'all gonna see? Burn the stage in theaters 'Cause I know I am Also this, oh, no I'm flat issue again, dude I wish I was flat When will you people? Admit that Halloween is The worst holiday Sometimes you have to Let the cannon loose people Out here are crazy We can pop bottles All night, baby, you can have Whatever you'd like I am determined To grab coffee this morning I will be on time Wow, I wanna see This energy when we get Back to school, no cap Coins no one uses Coins anymore, you peasants I spit on your coins Really wish I could Compete with all of you guys It would be so rad I'm not afraid to Admit that I'm lost and still figuring it out Today is the start Of the week and praying for A productive one Is there anything? Better than being high as Fuck in the shower People are so weird Why can't you just be happy? For people move on Boys are so ugly Except for this one boy, but The rest are ugly Someone has told me Am her role model she needs? Good advice and God I love a burger But this is disgusting heart Attack on a plate I'm hungry, I wish I knew someone that was up So we could go eat High character kid Looking forward to watching Him succeed somewhere My granny insists On boiled milk and pepper, but Could never face it I like them better Than regular foams, but it's Still a no for me Character is what? How you treat with people who? Do nothing for you Is your penis a? Country at the very least It's a city state And the day started With the electrician here To make a repair Sometimes why does it? Feel like depression is a Excuse for people Kids, forever kids Forever, baby, soft skin Turns into leather Normally I don't Do no talking, just actions But in this one case I don't wanna be Hurry again last time before I turn to my dad Seeing twenty one Pilots for the first time and I'm going to cry Are you traveling? Anyway, this is part of Your plan I'm correct Thinking about you? Before sleeping is the best Way to end my day Need someone who will Sing backup for me during My shower concerts I am still confused That everyone says I pass As a cute badass I like this weather But I be breaking a sweat Walking to class, lol This reminds me of That old couple trying to Do that commercial? Jesus, your love is So amazing it takes me High up to the sky The only kind of Ups and downs, I'm digging in Life is doing squats Never letting A Bum bitch set me back again I know that for sure Ugh, I'm so nervous For my appointment I don't Know what should I do? Time to begin to Watch unsolved the murders of Biggie and Tupac Wait, is orin dead? Or are they just teaching him? Sign because they can I always end up Going to the extreme with? Everything I do Does anyone still? Prayer when you're getting into An old person's car I might just return To my old ways again and Becoming cold hearted This lady is so Late to class, I don't even Wanna be here, man? Scott Morrison plays Electric guitar in the Middle of the night When it's over, it's Over no questions, no tears No farewell kisses If you're not going To be helpful, get the hell Out of my kitchen Gee Einstein, maybe? It's because he committed An act of terror No, stay indoors, if Things are blowing around you Could get hit by them I can't believe you Still have the audacity To say shit like that I'm not bothered to Eat, watch my day tomorrow Be full of regret I'm convinced she has Never had sex can't fuck up The product, ya know? We should celebrate This but looks like we living On our own world That level of stress Where you only wanna eat? Loud, crunchy food, hoo I once watched Billy On the street, while on acid And I'm still laughing Okay, girl, he beats This coochie, you think I care? About your poppers I'm going to be Late to school again, I am So tired of this? Fucking chloe ain't Nobody going near that Big ass piece of shit I've done this before Even though people claim it's Unhealthy, it worked Shit, when is Mother's? Day what's so fucked yo about? That is, I'm a mom No, Disney made A Mistake with Gunn Rosanne is A garbage person I always do this Suddenly I feel imbued With Zen like wisdom Captain Charming is Still, my favorite romance I love my babies You can't be racist To white people, it's just not How racism works? I'm so tired of Acting like I'm okay while I'm falling apart I've never been this Nnocturnal all of my life And I just love it From watching poppy Videos to soap carving How did I get here? Stevens is released But his shot is deflected Half time approaches Skins getting clearer Summer's getting closer and Life's getting better I'm sorry for the Lack of art lately, am just Having a rough time Why am I looking? At strollers online, why am? I like this for real Which Wu Tang member? Released a solo project First and what was it? You call me stupid I fake a smile everyday And you believe it? How do I manage? To burn my mouth every Time I eat pizza I've found another Level of ambition y'all Ain't ready for this Today is such a Beautiful day, I can't wait To go to the falls I'm really miss Jin It's been couple days, I hope He's doing okay The tube is weirdly Ease this morning, feel like I'm missing something Everytime I cough I'm reminded how I fail Even at breathing I can't believe I Have to give my dog away Life is so unfair Scrantic, I bet they Even focus better when Going back to class? Going back forth from? One dry app to another I need a man, lol How's he managed to? Get the letter m in the [Knap Between His Teeths] Are you guys going? To play monster hunter I'm Getting it tonite? After helping those People, I think I'm gonna Go to fire school Damn, why are people? So worried about my life Sit down, mind ya own I dislike shellfish While toya dislikes shrimp, we Both dislike seafood Infinite loop the Adequate way to end This week on Twitter No one is supposed To head to the rooftop, if They want to escape The healing process Feels like a roller coaster Ride, but it's needed Someone put me in A better mood before I Start losing my mind Keep working comrades Every struggle brings us Closer to justice Will you be taking? Extra steps to secure your Data on Facebook Damn, I was foolish And selfish, but I don't mind Being wrong this time I need someone to Watch power, so I can talk To them about it Shoes are going to Go extinct before I get A chance to buy them Still trying to wrap My head around this, I can't Even picture it Breakfast any I'm? Wanna try the new pumpkin? Pancakes at Denny's Happy Mother's Day To my mom and all other Moms on this planet Hell, Nah, you really Can't get anything by me I'll figure it out Some personal time With my man, Jordan p best Way to start the day To be productive Today or to hit the pool That is the question Good morning, have a Nice day and so beautiful And so wonderful Life, liberty and The pursuit of our wish And we'll support you Yeah, I'm pretty sure Gordon failed another test You hate to see it He really looks like A foreign exchange student That major's in art Happy Christmas Eve Last minute panic buyers Of the world, Unite Where you gonna go? Your life, your family, they're A fairy tale kid Don't be good enough For other people, be good Enough for yourself Is this a cyber? Attack or did someone trip? On a power cord Let's celebrate Jin Birthday at home and skip the Evening class today Where is her brother? Tony can't be the only Eye candy around I always manage To get the retard cart at The grocery store It was so creepy That it made me nervous, but I liked that feeling This is excellent Not mentioned in any of The recaps I've seen Remember if you? Go broke paycheck to paycheck You will never win Sam Smith, coffee and Mapel syrup with pancake What a great morning Can my stomach stop? Hurrying like bitch, I have to Go to work today I need everything Nick, they been showing out Dropping all the heat I brought lashes and I can't put them on because I don't know how to Shut it down, Donnie This will never come back to Bite you in the ass Hosting a new year' Party for next weekend, these Recipes can help I will transfer in Couple of days will post the Transfusion link here I can't believe I'm Changing my major, I know I'm gonna miss it One day it'll all Be worth it, let's always pray And hope for the best Everyone have a Great day today and be sure To drink some water Ground zero for free Speech now being sued for not Allowing free speech Always aim for the Moon, even if you miss you'll Land among the stars My head really been [Puzzleing] Since yesterday, this Shit won't go away I know someday you'll Have a beautiful life, I Know you'll be a star Good morning, pretty Ladies and gentlemen have A nice day weekend Even though I look Like a burnt chicken nugget I still love myself If you give people Enough time to figure out Who you are, they will Going out is fun But having someone to stay In with would b nice I can't believe I'm The only person here on A free beer evening God, I fucking hate People who eat on the mic On the playstation Have you repented? For sin and asked Jesus to Take over your life I always get in The bed early, but be wide Awaken up all night Surely not, Gary Playing like a muppet here Difficult to watch hoses are brick red Buttercups are brown sugar Is sweet and so on Not completely sure Why my nostril piercing looks? So weird, but, oh, well I need a girlfriend Who will stick with me until? I find my soul, mate Eating a peanut? Butter jar being thrown at My head this morning It's crazy how a Lot of women die from this Kind of abuse, too Okay, yeah, no shade Just saying, not familiar Wit the music, lol I am watching Red Sparrow with my sisters and I regret my life They're gonna do what They wanna do don't let them Do it off of you Drake has been pretty Consistent for the better Part of a decade Really class when you Fill up with petrol and leave Your wallet at home I work in finance But I have no self control With my own money Most people tell me I'm pretty, but then why don't? I have a boyfriend I left my earphones In the washer and dryer Today they still work Had a big salad Small amount of pasta and Red wine for dinner U can't just release Content and expect me to Act like a person Thanks for the follow I am following you back Have a great weekend I respect my boy For always pushing me to Achieve as a person Some humans think it Right to have expectations Of others, get out Well, it's certainly Not the money she's well off She's Nicole X What was the reason? Of meeting you and having You stay, I wonder A woman asked me If I knew about the lost Tribes of Israel It's so funny what? A lightweight, my dad is I Get that from him, lol Helpers, they number In the tens of millions and You are one of them Stamble scene, gonna Kill me all over again This shit is torture I'm so confused as To what day it is over? Then Easter weekend This referee has Got money on Liverpool I'm certain of it Prince Harry, really Had his ex come to wedding? Like, yeah, u ain't it? On a happy note Kieran is the best and he Makes me so happy Can Tim Ryan Seth? Moulton, sit the hell down now We have work to do I'm starting to think I'm gonna need two baby Girls instead of one When you witness A Women get finessed on A First date, do better Tomorrow I will Be one wisdom tooth down and I'm so not prepared Having lunch with Tom? Brady, yeah, my super's name Is Tom Brady lol? Alright, kida thought I'd give this Twitter ting a Blast, how's it going? I wonder if the Gym will be empty because The boys play tonight What a fantastic Sunday knowing I have no Work until Wednesday I prefer giving My number than me taking The person's number There is no teaching To compare with example Lord Baden Powell This is what happens When the laws in this country? Are gender biased? Looking forward to An exciting future, thanks For all the hard work Thought it's gonna be Okay, now I was wrong still It's bothering me I'm gonna do this Last assignment, then I'll be Done for the evening I'm looking forward To sleeping in tomorrow It is well needed Allow me to share With you some speeches by the Great al Pacino Pulling me closer And closer holding my heart 'Til the very end It feels so fucking Good to not have an alarm Set for tomorrow Traveling with my Family makes me want to Jump out of the plane A silent female Is more powerful than A Female who argues? The most horrible Circle of hell working brunch In New York City Thank you for dealing With us, Yakov, I'm sure it Must be hard at times Kinda want to punch Someone in the throat kinda Want to snap a neck? Just been getting the Money saving and keeping My back on the wall I think I'm manic N that's why I'm posting so Much so sorry, all Yeah, we cheated and We're gonna do it again Beth, try and stop me You're very welcome Sarah, I'm looking forward To working with you Problems comes and go But don't ever expect that I'll leave you and go I can't believe Shawn Mendes is out here looking Like that, how and why? I'm pretty blunt and Straight forward, all I ask is The same in return Being single is Probably my best option Right now in my life It's okay if you Able with me, I can't Force you to be right Angel is looking Healthy, tell her I miss her Go and face your book My phone and iPod Are both acting weird, I can't? Get anything done Only problem is I remember when I don't Need it or need it It's not possible For Domino's workers to Get your order right Time to focus on Me and stop giving a fuck About the next bitch Looks like my liver And I can finally come To a compromise I still can't believe They use alcohol on their Nails, I'm disgusted Bitches really go Bonkers when u ain't down to Be their Valentine Trader, you really? Are an idiot just shut? Up already, please Anyone else eat? Their cup of noodles crunchy Or is it just me? Whatever was in? The hot coco last night had Me feeling myself If you wanna know? How to love a person, look At how they love you And holy crap is There a more annoying voice Than Reggie Miller I've been listening To baby, it's cold outside At least one time day I retook a test In math, n got zero points Albert Einstein, who? I warned the raven With the music cowards cheer Passion always sees I'm ready for the Fall fashions, boots, layers on Layers on layers Stir into muffin Cups place Angelica in A large, deep skillet Everywhere I go I always seem to make friends With little kids, lol You never really Like someone until you have A dream about them This is everything Is a thing people say stuff? From Twitter out loud I feel attacked, my Jeep has been needing an oil Change for a week now I have more doodles Somewhere in my binder, I'll Find them tomorrow I finished all my Assignments for this week, I Can finally sleep My boy is going To kindergarten, I feel Like a real mom now My cousin, Legit Was listening to lil peep After school, my god Calling me ugly Is cruel, especially when? I'm so beautiful Sometimes a foot is Just giving background info On the indoor slopes I'd take a scooter To the ankle, if it means I'll pass my finals But he will never Tell me anything wrong, or Give the wrong advice What's a good TV? Series to watch, I can't find No more good movies Whoever it may? Be those who defy us shall Not be forgiven Guys, but I'm ready To be a travel blogger For a living man Of course the player I wanted the Wizards to Draft Colin Sexton Toffee popcorn is The one don't know how people Eat that salty shit It's all about how You use the negative space When plating really? Can guarantee there's No kid waiting to do this For Melanie Trump Why am I starting? To feel ungrateful with what? I'm having right now Don't be a baby Those Roman candles wars are A rite of passage Come back already We need to discover new Places in Dubai Happy birthday, yawn Today is your day always Loved and remembered I really can't wait To wear skirts like everyday Day I deserve spring My biggest fear is That my cat will never know How much I love him? You're going to fight Do you really think you can? Unite the two worlds Is it too early? To put up a Christmas tree Asking for myself I bought a charger For an android instead of iPhone, my heart hurts Baby, why don't you? Just meet me in the middle I'm losing my mind Also, I'm confused Why Snapple is proud to now? Use plastic bottles OK, so Shawn smokes Whet him Harry and I can All blaze up sometime I'd rather lose some Pussy than have a woman Who don't respect me? I'm hoping this is Just a temporary thing Or I'll just give up You freaking, Bobby? What calculation did you? Use for that assist Who got any jeans? Or anything that you would Like me to tailor Salvate to those who Have enough respect and love For the motherland Sitting on the floor Counting up thinking bout the Days when I was down I rather have you Telling me then to find out From other people If you ever feel Like you deserve better then You probably do I want whatever He's smoking, shut the hell up You piece of garbage? Maybe it's not my Weekend, but it's gonna be My year, all time low I've gotta be strong Everyone's counting on me I can't let them down You can't expect me To give u attention, if U make no effort You can't clap along Because you don't feel like a Room without a roof Enjoying your youth And destroying your future Know the difference There is always A Little more toothpaste in the Tube think about it When I go shopping For someone else, I end up Shopping for myself I've been lookin'for A way out, but I'll settle For a peace of mind Yeah, bullshit Cal is Dope puppets are awesome, John Egbert blows the end You'll always have a Part in my heart and it'll Stay here forever I should've bought A Chick fil a biscuit instead Of a damn muffin Aw, hell, Nah Karen Keep your bland ass potato Salad to yourself It's not looking good Buddy, I wish it was but We'r in trouble Excuse me, I'm not Pressing on that I'm pressing On why your nipples? This is atrocious To watch whole team playing A Different game, bad When will they return? I need my weekly dose of Stress reliever pills E, I'm not worried About it, justice will find These evil people Bam is like Harden If Harden was tall, sexy And good at defense My cousin asked if I still wore deodorant Because I'm vegan Hey, train yourself to Let go of everything, you Fear to lose yoda We all deserve to Be able to feel free to Walk on this planet My personal life So private, you could never Figure me out, lol I refuse to beg For someone to stay in my Life ever again I've got incense A Face mask and I'm truly home What a perfect night Is the number one? Pick enough for the Wolves to Ship Kat to the suns Coffee tastes so much Better when someone you love Prepares it for you Getting my hair dyed? For the first time ever, lol Time for a change, man Finally watched Black [Panther] And holy crap, what? A fucking movie Having no gay friends To invite you to do things With them is awesome A cautious cat grows She were after his knowing Disheartened, it came Beautiful, I dreamed Of you that you were crying And I held your hand You should be writing Like a corruption in love With a spaghetti Have y'all ever just? Stand in the shower and just Let ya body sweat Is senior year A? Bad time to change your major Asking for a friend Hi, I almost ate My sausages with cocktail Instead of ketchup The only good things About this hardcore band is That you love to hear Only losers and Disappointed, go out on Friday Night paris Hilton I felt real ugly Waking up this morning, like Not in mood and sick Prayer for Democrats To come to their senses, too Stop all tent cities I hate everyone And everything right now, what? Is wrong with people? I'm done being here I'm trying to go back to My mom's already Well, in sir, congrats On your appointment, time to Change the bio now Alright, Neres, I'm out Try not to rip each other's Faces off today I woke up early As hell, just to fall asleep Right after again I wonder if there Was a low key bidding war For this interview Hello, I hope you're Happy and hydrated and Having a great day But also, you know I purposely lost some games To give my team so I am gonna beat My face to the high heavens Today, cos why not? I ate my turkey Dinner I'm ready to watch Polar Express now Congrats, I'm happy To see that you getting to Play football again Gotta go get the Rest of the stuff for tonight Ion feel like it Not gonna let ya Close to me, even though you Mean the most to me What's the sentencing? For putting spinach in a Bacon and egg pie All the cheerleaders Athletics leaving class early For an away game I fucking can't eat I can't drink, I can't even Turn my fucking head Busting so many Moves at one time tomorrow Will be eventful I'm so ready to Get the next three days over With Bring on Sunday Crosby makes it seem Like a backhand pass is an Easy thing to do I came into this World by myself, so I don't Need nobody else May the photo gods? B bless me on my morning trip To Boston today Either I'm full of Shit or dropping gems the go Way over your head Someone help me buy My first tattoo and they will Get a special pic It ain't love until You shit in her bathroom and Fuck her afterwards Happy birthday, bro Hope it's a special one, Miss Playing ball with ya Kim is having some Nude photo shoot right now to Get some attention Thanks for following Vegetable Galaxy hope you're Having a good week I don't give into Peer pressure because I do That shit to myself An old silent pond A frog jumps into the pond Splash silence again It's quite upsetting How many people I know? Now who are parents? Perhaps if I make Myself write, I shall find out What is wrong with me? Thank God it's Friday 'Cause Fridays will always be Better than Sunday's I hear you whisper And the words melt everyone But you stay so cool There will never be A wiser king than you or A better father Andrew Luck is A National Treasure, fight me If you disagree Even more reason To not go out, no parking At my apartments Zadrozny, ugh that? Show started to go downhill As soon as he left Jason Ee blocked you Due to depression, I talked To him about that In nature, there are No tragedies, no mistakes Just things happening I should be greedy Love myself, but I'm scared of Being without you One day I'm happy With the cafe and the next I hate everything Rosie should keep her Millions going to need it For attorney fees Ladies, what color? Do I get my nails during? My next manicure With warmer weather Comes uncomfortably short and Colorful men's shorts Is youtube broken? Or sum cause I keep losing Subs for no reason I really just don't Understand how a man can Put hands on his girl Kindred and peppers Position battle will be A fun next season I busted my ass Today, how nice it feels to? Finally, lay down Yes, but the Saudis Are allied with Israel? So it all works out It's better to call Me than text me, I always Forget to reply [Brendon] Uribe can Scream in my ear until I Die and I am dead Honestly, the best Thing Jose can do is talk Shit about others If they refuse to Forget me, then I'll make them Hate me even more Plus rising wages For the lowest paid, oh, and Falling house prices I'm done chasing if You want me then, you gonna Have to make a move Glover wants peppers He's the only one who has Named a name so far I'm finally free Now I had my last final Today and I passed I hope that someone I really love today, Will Keep me forever So spoke the raven Come the morning, Virtue slips Passion always wins There's so many white Girls in gothic lolita Dresses I'm so sad I'm done trying I Can honestly say that I Don't care anymore He been doing it For me, but lately it's been So much to take in Ros roams around the Roading munching a pepper Where is everyone? We only believe What is most convenient to? Us in that moment People can tell you Anything but a vibe will Tell you everything Y'all are leading me Ashley and you're customer Service people suck You never really Stop caring for someone, man That shit is so true People find it so Much easier to judge than Try to understand I made the mistake Of getting in bed before Washing my face, fuck Album of the Year For sure, unless there will be Some magic show then Master, huh, I might Have a hard time getting used To being called that I don't like sober Me, that bitch is different Always sad and shit I'm real funny, y'all Really just gonna sleep on This Twitter account Congrats, Eagles, N Thank u for giving us a Super Bowl title Love having my own Everything just been chilling Staying out the way? Alright, so I guess I'm never going to get On a plane again Once I can afford Plastic surgery, it's all Over for you, hoes How scientists are? Treating breast cancer using? The immune system Why am I watching? Jeff Kaplan sitting in front Of a fire place Are you supposed to? Eat a frosty with a spoon Or straw need to know Happy birthday to The best father ever, I Love you so much, Dad Want to increase the? Number of referrals, you? Receive, ask us how Really wish we had Vegetable grill in Florida It looks delicious Spended all day nearly Falling sleep, get to bed time And I'm wide awake My mom made lemon Bars, so that all I'm gonna Be eating all day I gossip too much With the middle schooler, I Babysit, ugh help Voters have a right To be informed on where you Stand on all issues Please, anyone tell? Me are, we must never see His evil smart ass Sam, your poems are Too touching other than that Your talent is loved I guess my classes Can't be hard because I'm not A science major But you always seem So happy, how could you be? Dying so much Believer in fate Means u accept that, u not In charge of ur life I hate myself for Waiting till the last minute To do everything I don't wanna see You crying, you don't have to Feel this emptiness Hi Shawn, hoping to Get an interview for this Sunday, email me You'll be in hellfire For not caring enough, or Knowing she's upset Have to let certain Things slide in a final can't 'Agree with this judge B bless my sweet mother For sending me coffee beans From home in the mail Hard to resort to Anything else when they are? Boxed in a corner If ya don't wanna Be my friend, just be honest With me, holy shit My throw away broke I'm really bout to be out Of sight out of mind I honestly have The best boyfriend ever I'm So blessed with derek Visualize what you Want risk everything for it? And live happily One big grateful hug To the person who brings me A cheesy filled snack Hate turning down so Early, but sometimes it's just Best for all involved This weather, you guys Have been complaining about Why am I sweating? Made one promise to My mother, that's to look out For my lil sister I can feel myself Coming out of my dark place And I miss my friends I hate those moments When I'm like OK God, what? Is this teaching me? Don't listen to what They're saying pay attention To what they're doing Everyone wants to Be successful until they See the price to pay Have u ever been? So happy, u can't listen To slower sad songs Needed that, Brighton We're gaining confidence now Don't fall to pieces Summer is coming Up, I want some pretty friends Who like to have fun? How you always tweet? About getting money, but? Be broke in real life How about this, you? Finally beat me and I'll Do something stupid Defense needs to wake Up this is the wrong offense To be sleeping on Doing my reports Early, so I won't have to Cram on the weekend I'm so proud about How diligently I've been? Securing my shit There are so many Human being, please help me I just want my drink Johnny looks kinda Like my nevermind I'm not Finishing this tweet A stealth video Game in a sensible shoot 'em up of noses My morning started By waking up and throwing Up happy Friday But it's okay, look Over there is the person Important to me I started watching Breaking bad yesterday and Wow, it's amazing Happy birthday, bro My gift to you is beating All the Easter eggs The real question is When the fuck did my business? Becoming your business Nothing will ever Be as pure as Twitter I Hope it never dies So it's not common For coaches to interview On the campus now Does anyone else? Count after lightning to see How far the storm is? And keep cassandra For Valentin, but no, they Have to let her go My non public high School is just like a prison But worth flexing on Maybe things are not Supposed to work out, even? If they feel so right Lemme know if you Ever feel sick, I'll mix you Up some medicine This bitch I follow Is the biggest wave rider? I've ever witnessed Hi, hello people Come to Emo night with me Tomorrow, thanks bye You can also go To the police station and Report the issue Today was more hard Than yesterday, but I'm glad Let's progress, baby I have been staying Awaken at nights wondering If I should tell you I wanna give you My everything, but you're not Went to have it Join the army and See how fast people switch up On you when you gone Absolute ming, if You fold a slice of pizza? Before eating it If you rearrange The letters in Kris Jenner It spells Satan's joy Okay, so what if? The Rockets won series tied And it's not over If you don't wanna Be my friend anymore then You gotta tell me I'm just trying to Figure out why I'm on this Planet when I am People bitch about The dumbest shit possible? It hurts my brain, man Better check to see If it was Democrats who? Conducted the polls I have a daughter I have structure in my life Sorry, not sorry Someone get their ass Over here and hold my hand For a few hours They call me Gypsy [Woman] But I love Gypsy Men, easy goodbyes A smart person can Play dumb, but a dumb person Can never play smart They're admitting my Baby, my heart is so sad Prayers for baby Kai Love brother, that it First, Epic iPhone Charger Go power range V Oh, my goodness, I Hate small children, I wanna Give birth to adults My sister wants me To go with her to whiskeys But I'm kinda scared Telling people to Carry on because I think They care what I say Japan is so far From Thailand, I wanna go To Thailand someday The super rich are Above the law, nothing is Going to happen? And we're about to Kick off our first b side Match of the season Okay, but just one More tweet about Ben Platt, I Love him, okay, thanks Why would people feel? Sorry for my dad and not Me or my sister Al Jefferson once A raptor killer always A raptor killer Nazi dudes crying About the Philly riots Are such pussies lol? My heart is alive With hope, thank you Jesus for Your unfailing love Wah, up early to Finish a report, but why? Am I not yet done? Tonight was my first Time smoking out a bong that Shit was pretty cool You really are A Kind person doing all of This for our sake I have questions for You number one, tell me who Are you in the dank? This video haunts My nightmares, but also the Ending makes me laugh I'm ready to go I really hate being on Other people, time Work is all beauty Till the second I have to Come in and open Man, it's almost like We needed a closer all Winter or something? On God, something had To be happening feelings Don't leave in a week Oh, sweetie, don't you? Know that only the best of The best are hated What's the scariest? Thing that as happened to U I have a couple 'Cause every time We get a windstorm I get This power outage Ugly and a jerk This can't get any worse, I'm So sorry, sweetie I will never be A hindrance to you, I will Stop caring for you L won't be impressed With the Internet until L can download food Everything has been figured out except how to Live Jean Paul, sartre Nothing's better then Having new and amazing People in your life Wanderlust, I'm not Sure until tomorrow, so I'll let you know then Playing I just don't Know what to do with myself? By Dusty Springfield When are they gonna? Show off new footage of the Fire pots again We're talking music And music says R Kelly Is the r b king? I really had to Come yell at this lady to Get an appointment Seth Rollins vs Randy Orton in a steel Cage match, Pedigree Impulse dyeing my Hair with a random colour In my mom's cupboards Setting an alarm? For a Saturday morning Is heart breaking X? Hi looking forward To seeing you at the gym Tomorrow, if you So many friends, N Amazing souls I've lost touch With so much regret Only claim one friend That's really my love, but she More like a sister Listen, God gave all Of us different gifts, learn How to work your gift? It's harder to get Out of a casket than jail Keep that fye on you I don't hold grudges Towards people, I just learn To keep my distance Did you really have? To make the father comment To Ronan Farrow Blowing some pressure With Grandma had to tell her About the success I don't even drink Like that anymore, but I'm Feeling it tonight Any one know how? To find out who subscribed to Your show on YouTube Too many people Worry about what other People think of them Inform the cauldron With the music reason waits Passion always ends Ice skating for the Ice skating, dragon skating For the skating queen Before I zoomed in That looked a lot like body On the anchor desk Favorite line, my White customers love telling Me, I love the hair Instead of cooking We should all be constantly Quoting drake lyrics? Why am I watching? Jersey Shore, I feel like I'm Back in middle school I could tell myself I'll do my work tomorrow Or I could start now The harder I try To move away the more you Try to piss me off The people that go To the union, are fucking Pussies, man x truth To ignore what must Unavoided to not ignore what? Shall not be ignored Having a mental? [Breaken] And my roommate is Posting it on Snap They held a concert Out in Brooklyn to watch the Island bridges blow Believe it or not Jeff Burton is saying no To this past weekend Hi Jasmine, how are we? You doing, how was your day? I hope all is well You nearly make me Late for work because I can't Turn off your podcast Just remember kids The truth is not what matters The narrative is Ashley, my car is Heard, I'm so hungry and Want to go shopping? Also, cops have been Really annoying the shit Out of me today I can't watch TV If the volume level is On an odd number I got my parents To watch Rick and Morty and They really liked it I'm no longer with The most beautiful person On earth wow I'm sad Anyone who claims? They can fold a fitted bed Sheet is a liar Very proud of all My friend's voting truly puts A smile on my face I keep trying to Hit the top right corner, to Post a fucking tweet It's tragic how two People that love each other Can't be together President Trump, it's Time to fire Jeff Sessions Enough is enough Holy shit, admin Is starting to get anxious? As hell, hi help me I ain't got nothing For no nothing, hoe lil bitch Be doing the most When your edit looks Really good, then you post it And it looks grainy Oh, no, I'm mixing Up my words again, who knows? When I'll make a move Kansas ye students Here is a great scholarship To apply for now Tell me about what? Keeps you awake at night, tell Me about your dreams Can somebody take? Me to Penn Station, I can't Lose my parking spot Why have I never? Had Johnnie Walker double? Black Whisky before I'm too liberal For my workplace, but I like Having a job so? I told a sparrow In the battle, virtue thrusts Being always bows When it appeared on The most wrongful time, really On a Christmas day Low volume, ramp ups In single names can be A Serious bull trap Stage aesthetic wise This looks really pretty and The dancers are good Anyone join this? Amazing airdrop this is Going to be huge He should only be Released after smashing his Knock in the cell door Your seamless orders Are easily some of the Greatest of all time Can't remember the Last time I was this happy What a great feeling Everything in my Life is going downhill, I Just want to give up I'll open an app And forget the whole reason Why I opened it? If you follow my Recipe your cake will taste Exactly like mine I can't remember The last time I patiently Untie bread, nylon I wonder how to Make an appointment at the Stable genius bar In conclusion, my Picky dumb ass hand picks men Who'll ruin my life? Every class and Every day I'm one step Closer to my goals There are so many Beautiful places in the World I need to see Plenty of time left We need to buckle down and Go on a huge run The responses are Full of you were supposed to Be the chosen one Who are you kidding? Our graphics guy is the Best in the business I don't deserve to Be alive, I don't know why I'm here anymore One day, you gonna Notice me and right now I'm Just unknown to you Well, said liberals Are the most condescending? And racist of all I can embrace you With my extra skin like a Warm fleshy blanket I'd rather adopt Tons of babies and puppies With a rich husband Hello, Ghana, I'm Right above, wish I could say I'm glad to see you The Red Sox Bullpen Is the most embarrassing? Thing I've ever seen Trash will always be Trash no matter how many Times you polish it Boston Celtics T T shirt, Rick and Morty T shirt Cool Hawaiian Vans It's a great album Love motions can't beat a bit Of indie country I won't hesitate To hit the highway before U lay me to waste My sleep schedule is So fucking tragic, oh God What year are we in? I said sucking too Hard on your Lollipop love's Gonna get you down Having a loving And forgiving heart is A Blessing and a curse I'm so ready for Tonight I feel like a kid On Christmas morning I finished today's Urgent set of paperwork And now I'm confused I'm about to try And clean Mardi Gras out of My car wish me luck Snipers never last Long soon as you get spotted It's over for you They are so grateful That they are releasing A Special song for it She's looking at what? Is happening outside there's? A lot of movement Been a real lovely Valentine Day for me can't Wait for the next one Happy birthday, sis Love you forever, have a Good ass time tonight Watching a horror Movie now and then we will Go to the forest I wish someone would Just be honest with me, just Tell me how it is You better sharpen Your discernment before we Get to December When you in Walmart? And the power goes out and Alarms start goin'off In another life I am married to Special Agent Dale Cooper Will Smith and Denzel? Washington are the greatest Actors of all times It's a prefect day To make myself better than I was yesterday What if Disney World? Only let you in if you Have a dog with you Been thinking about? You lately don't know why, but figured I'd reach out Was in the shower And I almost used shampoo To wash mt face, hey? Where are you going? After Vancouver, you live In Washington, right? Walking up, dee drive Hill, oh, baby, she better Come after this shit I got a feeling I'm going to be in the Bed early tonight Okay, I'll try to Shut up now and just enjoy The show keyword try I've got a couple Off days, if anyone wants To chill, hit me up Nigger's been acting Different ever since and I'm over that shit Just a reminder That somebody out there loves You, I love you too Honestly, we don't Even fucking deserve to Play football, Jesus I love Twitter for One reason they help people Not to talk too much If you not riding You need to fall back until This month is over I've come to accept That happiness takes time and It's about that time I don't believe in Third chances you do it twice You'll do it again My self esteem is Shit the holidays are shit Everything is shit Why wait until A? New year to drop bad habits And adopt good ones Have you ever cried? Because you are so ugly Because yea'my too No greater blessing Than a female ready to Handle a dum, Bish Even if you are Not by my side, even if I can't see you now Sometimes we get too Busy to even make time For our real friends Death is forever Present, so you gotta be Ready at all times Is it fly season? Because they are everywhere It's so annoying Tomlin has zero Control over his team, lol This is amazing I think I better Go before I try something I'm gonna regret Are you allowed to? Continue sinning in hell Asking for a friend People just need to Leave me alone and never Talk to me again Was really hoping Tye would reveal himself to Be grown up, Jimmy Mommy, can I sleep? In my bed, all alone said No toddler ever You've bitten off way More than you can chew, really I can chew a lot When ever you look In her eyes, you can see A whole universe Thank you, everyone For the birthday wishes, I Had fun yesterday Everything is neat And tidy here, so please help Us keep it that way I'll get over it But it's just ridiculous How we lost that game? Can't use the kitchen So there is no Christmas meal Like Jack in the box If anyone wants To come over and take me Too canes let me know That was so fucking Funny, I almost spit the Food out of my mouth God, time really flies At work when you sit around Doing sweet fuck all It's too bittersweet Talking to my man, shit just Be fucking me up Everyone's hair is Pink backing away in case It is contagious I'm not registered To vote, but honestly, I Kinda wish I was Jordan kissed me on The forehead before she left For work this morning I hated teachers Telling me what to do just? Give me direction Just wanna say I Really like you and I hope U feel the same way This the season of Daily headaches that make me Feel like I'm dying This movie should've Been called Sierra Burgess Is a massive bitch Me, hey, chloe you Wanna hangout, Chloe, yeah? But can your mom join? Cabello, you love Me because I love you, my Dream is you follow? And please remember? Don't forget your free memoir Disk on the way out He was hoping we'd Unfinished about that, thanks For the reminder When you are able To feed the less fortunate Please always do so I love listening To the officer's stories Of them kicking ass Can't get over how David called Liza best friend Instead of girlfriend They are not laughing With you, they are laughing at You and your comment? My whole body hurts Ugh, it's so annoying y Am I always sick? I was suppose to Study, but I fell asleep I have no regrets Happy birthday to The only one I trust to Cut my hair, love ya Lebron and Jimmy Butler showing out last night Inspired that trade Never throw in the Tight, use it to wipe off Sweat then, keep going Get away from it Everyone out of the way We'll take care of it Stop thinking about Your past and start worrying About your future I'm not regular And everyone knows it now I love dat feeling Watching this royal Wedding just reminds me of How single I am? Plow a barbie up Their asses if they want to Have sex with a doll One sings Gloria And the other sings silent Night, honestly, Sam I've lost a kidney Myself to cancer, it's a Scaring place to be I'm thinking both, but Honestly, now it hit me That I played myself How do people stick? Up for cheats, no excuse for Then actions at all Are you expecting? Something like excuses to Not getting married You have to wonder If Matt Lauer still loves all His liberal friends Noted this could be Useful for future use, if He needed her out Monster Ultra is Disgusting, why did I fall? For that stupid meme This is really a Good idea I should make More of an effort This a fine evening For reading and listening To Leonard Cohen They wanna see you Fucked up doing bad dats, why? I say u stay mad My momma, tell me Get a job, but employment Ain't employing us My life has shattered And I just want the pieces Put back together When you hurt someone You don't get to decide when They get over it Is it the system? Or personnel, tho I think It's a bit of both Are we going to? Stream tomorrow without subs Or is it just me? Any clues, Johnny? You seem to have the answer To everything else Have I mentioned how? In love, I am with ezra Miller, because yeah How long until I? Give up on having plans and Just order takeout They are doing some Installing at my job, oh? Boy, plus it's busy Damn, I was really Prayerd that you and me would End up together Foot fungus is one Of my favourite rap songs Of all time, thank you If you wanna come To my bedroom, I can be There, if you want to Trust is like paper Once crumpled, it can never Be perfect again I love the Christmas Thinged intro music so much Keep it forever Life really has A Way of kicking you in the Fucking nuts, don't it? My bunny has food And yet he still continues To eat his bedding Good morning, I hope Everyone has a great day Don't forget to vote Oh, you prefer lots Of natural light, we'll go The fuck outside then I'm prepared to throw Hands over this election If y'all fuck it up This is true homework Is a social construct bee? Gees is forever B it only works For minor pain, lol, you can Also try motrin Let the winter be My station I'll let the cold Teach me what to know I hate going to Funerals so much I doubt I'll go to my own I don't know about Y'all, but I'm dead serious About what I eat I love my makeup Today and I really don't Wanna take it off? OK, bad day, push Aside, I will take leave on Daniel Day next week What happen with them? Today, I know they always Cheering, but today Is there a better? Feeling than knowing Lebron James is proud of you Can I please, legit? Have a food coma and lose Weight in the process Put your arms around My neck I'll only go to Sleep for a second The best timing for Writing is early morning And before breakfast I'm so happy I'm A woman even tho y'all Make it suck a lot I have been looking Forward to Friday all week It's finally here Twitter helps my soul Cope with bullshit little by Little tweet by tweet I never get spoiled For Christmas Valentine's Day Or for my birthday So happy that my Whole family loves Alan As much as I do Today was gonna Be the day, but they'll never Throw it back to you I memorized most Of this episode and quote It way too often Someone has to look Super cute at work today And this time it's me I just wanna see How beautiful you are you? Know that I see it Damn, tomorrow is Valentin's Day and I still Don't have a costume I don't understand Myself sometimes, why do I? Have to be like this Can someone tell me? Why all the pretty Twitter? Girls live in ca for I was always told To be strong, never let them Know you care at all? I love having time To finally write and then Having writers block? Murphy's law getting Hurry the minute you get your Own health insurance I'm taking a test On fractions and failing wow I love being smart About bored as fuck I'm about to hit the gym And call it a night It's a Saturday Night and I'm about to go To sleep, that's crazy Playing football in The morning is like eating Cabbage for breakfast Nice Zebra, print you Need to start a new project Pimp my landing craft Loving someone is Best if you are already A better person Whenever l miss You l hug my pillow and Imagine it's you Stephen and I met At work laughing, it was love At first sight for me You mean you never? Bought your buddy a hooker For his birthday, Dick It's so easy to Say it's not your problem and Leave people hanging Here goes this little Unhindful bitch, learn when to Just shut the fuck up Good morning today Is my Friday and I'm in? A wonderful mood Doll, merry Christmas Aimee, hope you are having A fantastic day Just gimme, gimme Gimme, gimme, fried chicken One vision by Queen People can be so Fucking mean, and at times you Can only exhale I really want to Win some stuff for my triplet Sisters for Christmas Happy birthday, my Angel, I love you and I Miss you so so much Everyone would say Odell is a distraction And rip him for it Just wanna be home With the lights off listening To Arctic monkeys Remember those few? Months I was trying to get In noise, pop rock Totally, he thinks He's a cowboy christ he wears A fucking costume Then answer me this Why do they keep making ports? Of a broken game No one will ever Understand how much I love Definitely my best friend I gotta find time To visit my grandparents I miss them so much I'm gonna be home 'Sale all of next week and I don't trust myself Tomorrow should be A great day starting it off With my medicine I don't understand How you're an adult and can't? Talk up for yourself Weird nobody in This target wants to know why I need this ointment Sorry to burst your Bubble, I no longer want To go down that path Meld me if your Looking for a cut color? Or protein treatment? My sister bought two Dyson heaters I'm never Moving from this spot I swear I'm never Drinking again, I got my Bag stolen last night I'm about to eat A piece of romain lettuce And just end it all I was just talking About the Buckeyes I'm A College football fan I'm changing for the Better just be patient while I work on my craft You should be writing Like a Benjamin in love With a direction Getting a black phone? Case was the best idea I've had all year, lol I would prefer to See them ask nicely instead Of shouting demands Damn watching Lana Marry Lex, hurt like hell and I'm not even Clark Turns out I'm going To the fifth layer of hell Which is nice to know Sold a goody bag I love doing films, ask me About custom film? I've had a headache All day and now it's building Up to a migraine Ray Liotta quit Smoking good on him, where do? I insert the jokes All the black beauty Supply stores be Asian owned And it's disturbing You deserve all this Congrats on ur first album Always by ur side Those graphics are so Random, almost all of them Are completely wrong Happy birthday, hope All's going well in Cal Have a good one, man It's either I get Too selfish or too selfless There's no in between Can somebody please? Explain to me what's the deal? With Sammy Watsons Thank you Jesus for Enjoying me, my loved ones To wake up again We need Ramsey to Come dictate in the middle 'Cause this is not it First driving lesson Tomorrow and it's safe to Say I'm shitting it Don't you worry, don't Worry child, see heaven's Got a plan for you I'm going to talk To them and you are going To play the yes, man I'm gonna make A Damn good parent when I get To that point in life No way has Adam Sold pictures of my feet, wow I love my life, X You're my wanderer Little wanderer, won't you? Wander back to me You won't be laughing When I light your favorite Sweatshirt on fire My cousin told me I like ugly guys well, duh Ugly loves ugly Defense is handlin' Its business offense needs to Get it together Is lowering her? [Stick] Why are people talking? So much about thighs It's kind of silly And fun, but silly and fun Things are important Try it goodwill to All men remember, merry Christmas winger X I love walking to The bank at midnight, it is So smart and so safe Super pretty I'm Going to order the flirt? Palette on payday It's crazy to keep Looking death in the eyes, but It still runs away Crazy, you find out More when u keep silent then When u ask questions Today has been such An eventful day can't wait To get to my bed The afterlife is A complex boundless place and Your karma is due Polly just got told She can never use uber Again, so bad ass Do u ever start? Ur period and think well That explains a lot People are fighting Over my name on Twitter I'm glad to see that I've never felt so Terrified in my life, not A Fan of this feeling I always find out Things not even wanting to Funny how that works I'm going to go Live probably going to Cry awesome, Yay Woo Parents who give up Kids for adoption always Have a good reason Enjoy the process But you can only commit To one, just thank God I need a bottle And some cruise tickets in my Life like yesterday Kidd, happy birthday To the toughest g enjoy Your day, my bro love Sometimes I wonder If I'm really as alright As I think I am She drive me crazy Gonna take her for a ride On a big jet plane How nice a feeling? Knowing I'm not a total Cunt, but my ex was Some days are harder Than others, but they never Outweigh my good days Promise you, I feel Like I'm gonna be single The rest of my life Does anyone else? Ever wonder what, Kitty? Forman is up to Okay, so like he Needs to hurry up because I'm hungry as fuck I should probably Go to the iron house and Come back to study Are you trying to? Lire to me, are you trying? To trick me, Mama This is gonna be The lineup for a lot of Award shows this year I know my birthday This year is going to be The best one ever Happy birthday to My best friend since forever Hope it's a good one When you finally Get over someone you see How they really are I love Lauren so Much I'd do anything for Her in a heartbeat Do it, I'm planning On going so, uh, that's a Good reason to go Had the best burger Today that's all I'm grateful Today you sinners All five animals Sleeping in bed with me, it Must be Mother's Day Admire the pigeons Sitting together like the Friends and be happy I just caught myself Saying bloody hell, lol who? Do I think I am? This is exactly What we was doing the day I cuffed my shorty Let's see how many Times I'll replay tell me you Love me on this run No one is going To support you more than the Lord and your parents Money really does Bring forth a certain spirit Out of people, huh? People eat tide pods But God forbid we even Touch Romaine lettuce Traffic report it Takes two full cigarettes to Get out of the mall I wanna scream in My apartment, but I have Neighbours, but fuck em Happy birthday, you Damn, legend, I hope I can Be like you one day Merry Christmas, Chris To you and your beautiful Family, god bless The nightmare began When the tea party was still Working on the tea You will be able To discover something new When you step forward So what, even if? This is true, let them figure It out for themselves What happened with De? eBay colors I don't love De new color red I messes this up Why put of tomorrow what? You can eat today Prob getting my hair Cut off again within the Next couple of weeks It's crazy how a Temorous disease can sneak up On the one you love I can't believe this Shit it hit me this morning That we really suck How can you support? Someone when you don't even Know what's going on? Wait yesterday, you Said Isis was defeated Did you lie to us? Is that the party? Bus, is it still running me? That's an ambulance [CLOCKS] mate, happy new Year ro, you and family Hope to see you soon People need to learn Between what is child abuse? And child discipline It's only the first Month yet, my life is getting So shit already Let all that contact Go then, call that a korver This is terrible My goodness, Raptors Merite to have this one slip Away we shall see No matter what don't Feel afraid, go forward on What you believe in? Jake and Sydney just Happened on Melrose Place and I wish I was dead Is it summer yet? I'm ready to be Tan and On a beach somewhere I'm ready to drop A trap banger, cash out and Fade back to darkness So many young lives Are being taken from us? It's truly so sad You're so amazing I feel so happy that you're My sexy goddess Sucks being alone When ur upset sucks even More when ur sick, too lol, the congregants Will skin you alive, they stan For these con artists Honestly, what's the? Point of living when u can't Have delicious food It's never too late To start over all you have To do is just start People don't have a Genuine heart like you, you Have to be careful I could never live In Hawaii, milk is just Too expensive there To me writing is Gentle, it can free all's life Yet it is still hard Making a snapchat Was so pointless I'm about To just delete it Everytime I try And take a shortcut, it ends Up being longer Are you kidding me? Why is it always raining? During Dream Concert The new five finger Death punch album is pretty Darn good, I must say One of my biggest Pet Peeves is a person who Can't remember shit I won't always be [ crying tears] I won't always Be feeling so blue Can we all agree? That challenging the spot is A wasted challenge Yes, I'm a barca Fan, I don't want Madrid to Win there, I said it One of my neighbours Is playing Arctic monkeys? Really loud, I stan Wow, we're finally Getting new earl tomorrow I can't believe it It's so much harder To get outta bed when it's Frozen tits outside Laura White, happy Birthday, Laura, hope you had A wonderful day Trying to get some Christmas shopping before I Got to hit the clock lol, y'all curious Cat confessions are way too Much for me to post Tyrell Chavis has Signed as a free agent with The New York Giants Yeah, I'm the reason You always getting faded Take a shot for me Travis is the best Performer of all time, I Will not hear debates This customer at? My job called me a nigger Just now, I'm fuming Y'all prefer a girl To squirt or be a creamer I'm too curious Bulk clip orders are The best want to impress me Buy a bunch of clips If there's a rainbow After the rain, why don't you? Love after the pain I keep on seeing Pictures of sushi from Turks I need to try it I live in Texas And everyone here makes six Figures, subtle brag I could never curse Anyone that I liked as? Much as I like you I'm just curious What does everyone want from? Me, I hope I die Choosing a new nail? Colour and style for Thursday Is so difficult My sister and I Asked my dad if he wanted To get high with us About to paint ban From seven deadly sins on My denim jacket Hello, I would like Your advice on things to eat And do in the Bronx My brown suede, Kirker Zipper boots will be hard to Replace so comfy I need someone to Keep me company since my Mom is out of town My cat is resting On my lap once again, I'm His favorite bed Your Christian values Are on full display, Satan Must be proud of you Went to listen To your problems and provide Feedback if needed Well, in my defense The second place runner up Was Chad Allen lol? I'll believe it when It happens, been seeing stuff Like this for a year The last episode Of the haunting of Hill House Fucked me up so bad Takes me forever To pack, I repack right up To the last minute Truthfully, I am Being honest, a just want To go off the rails Walk away by Ben Harper, wow talk about some? Music for the soul Only he could pull Off a black and white filter In pajama pants Just wanna know why I have yet to receive A Tracking number: sis Anything that can? Possibly go wrong in my Life is going wrong Amazing how much? Better I sleep when I eat Ice cream before bed I just insisted To my mom, purple and pink Made red I was wrong Adults pay the bills Not whiny vulgar kids like Hogg, we love Laura Yeah, totally just Curious whether you were A yes or no vote I'm trying to see What the summer albums are Gonna be hits, too I changed my Twitter Account follow my second Account if you want My nephew just called Me told me it was snowing I love him so much I got my fucking Vagina asshole waxed for You don't ignore me I'm starting to see Why a lot of people say? White women are trash Open your heart up Hopefully I'll never find that You're anyone else Are they using hand? Writing experts, how can they? Be sure otherwise U ever see food? So pretty, u don't even Know how to eat it People who squirt the Soap dispenser more than once What are you doing? She stole my pudding Again, can't you behave like? A grown woman, sis I am blown away So far with your performance In genius, brilliant I will be living In my own apartment next Year this is too much Tell me my hero Where you going, what do I? Need to end my war I hope that someday You can control your mind, I Still, do not get it I really can't wait To go home Thursday morning Seems so far away Nothing like trying To turn your alarm off and Falling off the bed Texting to my bro With the most trivial things I love my brother The gym was going Hard until I had to go Home to take a shit So I got contacts Today and I feel like a Complete new person Black ink Chicago About to crank back up, I Need to get caught up Maybe he can be Detained or denied entry Back into the US How do you pronounce? Plateau, I'm trying to prove My sister, something I'm still so sleepy But scared do I prepare stuff? Or go back to sleep So when u gonna? Stop being fake positive For the Internet So busy prepping For my trip to Waikiki Very much needed This is the anthem For the broken, this is the Anthem for the weak I'll holler at you Later, my dad just said this To me and I'm just Having said that when? Fergie packed it in, I felt Like someone had died Don't expect much and You won't be disappointed Good rule to follow Once together with Me, the next chapter comes out It's over for me It's better to stay Quiet instead of being Distracted by someone Decide to sleep in For an hour or two and This is what you miss Make your marketing So useful people would pay You for it, Jay Baer That's not even good For you, her skin probably Feels like sandpaper I cleaned my bedroom And found a lot of money Santa does exist Thank you Jesus for Blogging me with another Day of life, Amen I need straw berries And chocolate dip with our Dog blue wine pronto Hate sleeping with my Girl, stop taking away all The dam covers B I'm looking forward To your Australian Open You know who is back? I'm going to work Man, fuck this, I can't afford To just sit here, man I really need to See black panther before it Leaves theaters, lol Y'all really out here Having kids like it's nothing I don't understand I delete the daum App, I think desktop sites is More easy to use I always work with And for wonderful people I love what I do Stay away I'm A Cheer and a dishonest man Yep, a fair warning Was it forbidden? To make pictures of David's Show what a pity I am so selfish I hate myself, but I know This is for the best Could you imagine? How different the film would? Be with Shawn in it For the fallen at The going down of the sun And in the morning Happy birthday, big Baller soccer was dope with You keep it real, bro I can't believe Kyle Korver is still playing at Such a high level Oh, we're going to Lose to Michigan, state you Can count that one up Senior year has been A drag, but it's been moving Fast at the same time I hate being up At this hour I'm up like I'm not sleepy, lol This world is fucking Rusting sports now and that's Where I draw the line? I honestly can't Remember the last time you? We're not on my mind Ain't going out of My way to please anyone Point blank period Hope you feel better Soon, Baroness and I ate Sending our love Fix your fucking game I can't play online without Input, delay, lag Some days are better Then others, but most days are Better than nothing Getting out of bed? Is so difficult I just Want to sleep all day? I hate being nice To people who are complete Dick's for no reason What's the difference? Between a boneless wing and A chicken nugget Thinking of adding? A grand circus ringmaster Coat to my wardrobe So windy out, my My horse barn is doing some Moving and creaking The strongest people You know, are women even? If you don't know it Is there a support? For your upcoming tour in Germany with Queen If this happens, I Will eat papa lil johns for? The rest of my life There you go, wrecking My whole world one more hello One more goodbye girl If you are thinking About letting me go then? It's time that you do Liftoff in Houston I've been looking forward to This for many months That hot shower was Everything I needed to Calm down and relax Mother, I will not Name you a woman I will Name you everything Can't even love these Women, they give me nothing To love about them Nope, I'm going back To sleep on this shitty couch Not today, Satan How could I forgive? Someone who can't even proof Anything she said? Sometimes it's good to Just sit back and study the People around you I love that snapchat Has effectively pulled A Myspace on itself My boyfriend and I Really had this intense heart To heart this morning This has bothered me More than any comic has For a long, long time I'm eating cheesecake And doing my makeup, I'm Living my best life I am focused, man And I'm not afraid of death I'm going all out If I'm not going To marry Kun, then what's the? Point in marrying Someone wanna buy? Me arctic monkey concert Tickets on Friday I pictured it all So perfectly in my head When I read it, too Pegging or putting My finger's in a man's Ass and sucking toes The sunflowers look So pretty I'm about to Buy some for myself I'm sorry, but why? Does my raisin bread reek of? Old lady perfume I'm going to start Putting in the same effort These people give me I know I'm breathing Like everybody else, but I'm still dead inside Still listening I'm Out of college already To go to doctors I beg your pardon I never promised you a Rose Garden, Kon Kan Today, my teacher Got mad at me for falling Out of my seat, L Nothing says Sunday Comfort food like a nice bowl Of French onion soup When people tell you To leave them alone, you leave Then the fuck alone He posted I'm so Very happy, I hope that He got to rest well I'm messing around With my empty pill bottle Why am I like this? I'm rethinking this Miami trip I should be Staying my ass home He's just going to Go now, emotions are not Good at the moment This is probably One of the hardest weirdest Chapters of my life You never know who God is going to take next This life is so short I really love A Bitch, who does anything to? Get my attention I was thrown outwards To the most extreme corners Of the world savings Love your scopes, Andy Love that little airport, we Know you love it, too Me getting murdered Alexa, play, break my stride By Matthew Wilder Very impressed, great Movie, hope it transitions To a good ending Just hope the Eagles Kill the Patriots like this In the Super Bowl Before you give up On something, think about why You held on so long Just call me Cyrus And Griffin, if they test me They sorry, ride h Oh, stop complaining It's dark fur against a dark Uniform, it's fine Emma, Edgar, Hughes The neighbours do not need to See your John Thomas Well, that went better Than I expected, thank you Lord, much love to you Tattoos are a big Ass commitment, I don't think I can handle that You spy a giant? Will O' Wisp playing with A? One eyed will o' wisp The Lord is righteous He hath cut asunder the Cords of the wicked I fucking hate my Brother, let me live and leave Me the fuck alone I promise you will Be the happiest person Just give me a chance Airport, do you think? The drone situation will Be solved by Sunday Been sick all weekend Sorry if it's been kind of Quiet over here A unit shares A Common destiny, at least That's how I see it I'm pretty sure A Guest stole my water bottle Today, who does that? I can't sleep lately Fascing at the literal One thing I'm good at Been wanting to go Play basketball and get a Boxing workout in Use your god given Talents, gifts, what a way to? To say thank you, God Theatre, hi will This be the only night you'll Be showing Colette Hey, so like watching Mary Queen of Scots would be Such a fun date, right? Been out of myself Recently, but lol, I still smile Like nothing happened Y'all just remember Never once did Mac need A Fucking drake feature Well, he was saying His goodbyes at Barbers in Worthing this morning Best feeling ever Is taking your bra off at? The end of the day You also said luck Is for losers, so does this? Make you a loser You're not over the Petty people, bitch you are The petty people letting her go was The hardest part, but I think It's for the better I just want special Attention, ya know, like play Fighting and kissing The ending of that Fight was more exciting than The actual fight I've already cleaned Up shitty pants twice today How's your day going? Hannah, my name is Mommy, Nats, Hannah Hannah Mommy, Nats, Hannah I'm suppose to work At the lobster today, but I don't think I'll go Okay, back to bed Trailer, reactions and break Downs for tomorrow Jesus fucking Christ Red velvet finally changed Their goddamn layout Are we supposed to? Get a code for tickets I'm So lousy at this Got to love sneaking Chips in a disabled man's Crutch into a bar She'd met another Boy, another pretty boy I said kill me now It's because I told Her, we would look at Princess Dresses this weekend Can you explain how? We've lost the technology To go to the moon Sometimes it's better To be alone than to be Surrounded by fakes Excuse me, how dare? You show a David Montage Without a warning Stronger and stronger Every time, but sometimes I wanna just melt We will be selling Poinsettias, be sure and Stop and get you one At school today and Some dumbass asks for h to O fuck off Santa Jus need someone to Put my bed back together That shit so heavy You really can't have A decent discussion with Those kind of people My mental health is Bad again, I'm going to Go kill myself bye! Oh dear another Tough game with a manager Never mind without Okay, I think I'm Ready for some Florida? Sunshine again now Tilted Towers is Going to be gone later? Today, mark my word I want someone to Come cuddle with me all night Leave in the morning I've never had A [ Woman] Who said she had me? N really had me I don't wear Polo Tshirts err I don't even have One in my closet For a dead language Latin bothers me a lot In day to day life On a leafless branch A lonesome crow comes to rest Silent autumn night No one polled before The election said they would Vote for him either I should've never Went to my room now, ion Wanna go to class? Chicken and waffles With plantain, I must eat this Before the year ends Morning I just woke Up and I'm ready to see Kristen Slay all day Be so happy that When others look at you, they Becoming happy, too Once you graduate You suddenly become more Active on Facebook I can't believe Ross Barkley is about to go Get winner's medal This semester has Been a very productive For me, I love it Good thing tomorrow Is trash day throwing out A? [Block of old crap] lol I'm about to put So many miles on my truck Going to the ranch? That was almost a Year ago, life moves pretty Fast, try to keep up I need to sharpen Up on my Linux commands I've gotten rusty If two people are Happy together, please leave Then the hell alone He determined to Join the Clippers Jerry bout To make it happen When are you going? To get better servers, or Fix the lag issues Life is busy, but Set aside some quality Time for your people Everything has been Such a wild roller coaster When do I get off? So tb and point Have decided to push talks To the off season Can you completely? Remove a Twitter account Askin for a friend Good morning, I had A dream that I met Harry And it seemed so real When others say it's Unable, it will not Make me back away I'm so sleep deprived And full of caffeine, I think I'm losing my mind Utah Land should not Be for sale, that's not okay It never has been I'm about to stay Up for this night time event Snow flurries event Winner they should've Put a trash bag over his Head called it a day Went to the dentist For the first time in awhile My mouth is so sore I am so fucking Tired of all these games, you? Always like to play Holy shit, you are A legend for doing this Have my babies, lol I'm dying, Dad, let's Go home before I throw up All over the car Welcome to Bible Study were all children of Jesus snorts cocaine I never watch pair Skating or ice dance, but damn It's so beautiful Something about guys Beating the shit out of each Other, I love it What's your favorite? Scene song from any Disney? Movie, please tell me Still in denial That my dog is leaving at The end of the month Should I even take? My final, I know I won't Pass it either way Sharing what you have Is more important than what? You have Albert Wells Why is there always? Something expensive to pay For every month I really want to Be a good singer I need A lot of practice Today's photos were An awful reminder that I need to lose weight It is better to Convince yourself than to win A thousand battles I wanna eat goat Cheese, but it's so hot outside My room, I'm dying I have a lighter I will begin mission get Rid of all snow now Someone with half a Brain and a drill come over And put my shelves up Call me baby girl And give me attention I'm Not asking for much Not where I wanna Be, but I'm thankful I'm not Where I used to be The sun is shining And it's snowing what kind of Wizardry, is this? Dub ass getting mad About losing a drink, A Drink can be replaced Feeling my son move Is amazing, I can't wait To meet him, I swear I've been surrounded With positive people all Weekend, I love it Or more likely a Trump supporter, they tend to Do that sort of thing Mam is telling me All the bargains she got on My Christmas presents Had to smarten up Move different, it always Get greater later If you don't listen To Conan Gray, what are you? Doing with your life? What a horse bloody? Hell, Tiger Roll has just won The Grand National Gotta love waking Up from unexpected naps During finals week Not to mention the Millions and millions of love Bugs flying around Is my husband no? Ifs and or buts we're married Now love you, husband My goodness in all My life I've never seen so Many Eagles fans How many times are? You going to call Bowman? Chatman, get a clue Why is everyone? Talking about monster woo All of a sudden In a shitty mood Wanna feel better, is that? So much to ask for I'm beyond grateful For my boyfriend, he's truly My biggest blessing Happy new year to Those who says January? Is their trial month? You hoes better be Wearing pink today, that's all I'm going to say I must've passed out Again, that seems to happen Too often lately Gold toes are coming In this Friday can't wait to See'em in person So then what aspects? Make a woman attractive Can you define them? Aaron was talking About this girl was laughing So hard he threw up Never known someone To chat so much bullshit and Tell so many lies If you find yourself In DC would be honored To buy you a beer Good morning from the Ozark's it's going to be A fantastic day Finished work dying For this pizza beach body Is not going well? You know it's windy Out when it's a struggle to Just open the door My favorite part Is how you always called me? Daddy, cause you knew? Ever get down a? Twitter, rabbit hole, what the? Fuck, did I just see? Remember that time? I had to clean my glasses With wiper fluid There is a circus In town today, I wonder If ciel will take me Has there ever been? A worse remake of a film Than total recall Really wanna buy? The Fox Tan, but Dunno if It's worth the money I honestly just Thought to myself, I wonder If Mac has seen those My birthday party Is this weekend how am I? Suppose to function I'm angry and hurt No one talk to me, unless Your name is Bailey That Sunday shine is A certain sign that you feel As fine as you look I know it's only Monday, but can we like fast? Forward to Friday Honestly, I might Need to start listening to Music in German I see Mrs Swell Has not answered, she has the Data, what say you? All these hair pages Following me, I don't have No money for y'all Playing until dawn And the weird therapist guy Is pissing me off? Some people call it Luck, I call it a series Of good decisions I'm like treating her As if she's the only girl In the world, how sad? Why do teachers feel? The need to assign so much Work before finals Look again and see How much I need you awake? N crave for your love Do some people like Seeing me sad or something? Starting to wonder There are so many Great artist in the world, it Makes me wanna cry Is there anyone? Down in Austin, that wants to Drive me to Dallas A lot of people Try to escape from work well Work is my escape Can't ever forget How happy you made me feel? In the beginning You wanted harvard? Until you had to settle For Duke, dumb asses Where's my baby, Lu? Sobs, I need someone to scream At for these updates Cream the rabbit got Punched in the face by Amy's Hammer, the hedgehog Thanks for blaming me Hope u have a pleasant day And a happy life The episode where? Martin proposed to Gina He had a good point I just wanted to Nap before my goddamn voice Performance, but no I think of myself As a call option, we are Short time wow, OK? And so it begins Off to Milan, see ya on The other side, folks Trump is a racist Distortion, who needs to be? Removed from office My attitude comes Out of nowhere at times, I Be hating that shit Dealing with dragons? Is always a good pick from What I remember? lol, I keep trying Splashing water and it is Always gross to me Me I'm going to Rebuild after dark me me Me, I need a nap Some of the hardest Lessons in life are taught to You by your own heart I just wanna kill Everyone in sight, I just Wanna fucking die? Sometimes you have to Self destruct before you can Start to reconstruct Granny said when I'm Old enough, I'll be sure to Be all I can be That moment when you Pull your covers up and punch You're in the face No baby, I thought We knew how to shake our Ass better than this I'm a mess today If you interact with me Today I'm sorry The day I'm rolling Over to something that can Put me back to sleep I despise tucker But stay away from him, his Family, his home Always wear sunscreen And remove your makeup ass Soon as you get home Take all the chances You are given you don't know When it'll all end I think I'm losing My mind honestly, I can't Find my peace at all I just wanted to Take a moment to say that Dogs go to heaven My days are backwards I wake up tired and go To bed wide awake Pond Hockey in A Couple hours, let me know If ya wanna play? Ready for my clothes To finish, so I can just Go get in my bed We getting lit for Your graduation or what? I'll be there in May The person that won The mega millions raped me And I'm gonna sue Dress like you listen To Sinatra and act like You listen to Pac? Good fucking, god, I Really am not doing well I'm lonely as shit Is it the player? Who might not even play in? The game on Tuesday That brief moment of Suspense after you ask a Guy, how tall he is? Making a folder Of me, my best friend's content Together, buy it Girls who care about? The health of our planet Have the best pussy The Vape Wizard is Even more of an asshole Than I thought he was Please drive sensibly On mountains they also have A family, please I been so worried About everyone else, not? Enough about me I don't care about Hillary, you should give it A rest with her, too Thinking of cutting? My hair or letting it grow For another year Can't believe I met My best friend four years ago How lucky was that? I wanna say hot Topic: A few years back, I Think it was a gift I'm honestly so Damn lucky to have my man He's my better half If anything else Is going through my head then? They need to get up I hate horror games Me, um, excuse me horror Games are amazing Are we all gonna? Get full amnesty now, the Outlaw Josey Wales I never cheated On you for the record back When I was with you You know what, really? Gets me crying little things By one direction Giving the gift of Time to yourself is the best Gift, happy birthday I'm super tired From today I'm going to Bed night, everyone This shit, not funny Or cute, I can't even wrap My mind around this Gotta love myself First and foremost, nobody Can do it for me Fake ass Marvel fans Buy up all the tickets To see black panther Wow, it's almost like It's a comic book series And you have to read A fab treasure trove To visit when you come to The vintage bazaar Y'all put a lighter To a knife and cut into Things I ain't forget If you ever lose Feelings for me just know I'm Coming after you I'll be in Newport News tonight, so you gotta Buy me dinner first I gotta say, doe Bae has driven amazing For her big debut All these people that Only remember you when You post on Snapchat? I use to wonder How people get in credit? Card debt now, I know Say some shit outta Line, it's over with ain't no Coming back from it Gatti's out of the 'Pilot again, wonder what? The plan is for him It happened to me No, wait who would look into An empty locker Today I bought a Washer dryer and sofas I'm one happy girl De thank you, baby Daddy, I love you happy New year, my sweetie I wanna buy the Kisses so I can say that I've hugged my idols Coffee before bed Seemed like a good idea Before I drank it Crying in the club My two fave people, ugh I Can die happy now? What if having dreams? Is just another way to Get your heart broken Okay, I broke the Coffee maker, that's enough Of Christmas for me I'm living for all Of this banana shit I'm Giggling so hard Please open your show With the disclaimer you are A liberal, please Trying to study Again, fuck, I need my math Guidebook from Poly My fantasy team Took off today, I must have One of the best teams What a catch, Donnie A song about inspecting True love in a ditch Gonna lose my shit If Andy Bienstock says five Below one more time I had to reject Some great offers, but I can't Just say no to all Winter sports season Starts today best of luck to All our athletes Don't forget to make Some snow angels before you Go back to Grading I don't understand Why it takes ages for conte? To get a sub on Simply looking at A picture of a loved one Can help relieve pain I really drank two Bottles of water in the Space of two hours Dion called me Hope Talkin bout I'm packing my Shit, I'm coming home So is Luke Hemmings? Ever going to come through? And follow me or Invite a guest to Come to light the menorah And stay for dinner Self discipline is The definition of self Love me myself, I Sometimes okay, is A whole lot of sentences That ends with a y I was so fucking Sleep earlier today now I'm wired as hell I rather get shot Than eat a popeye's biscuit Without no water I'm so unattached From like everything in life And I just don't care I will never be On the receiving side of This bullshit again Thanks for fixing the Blow, you guys are amazing Keep up the good work I will never block Somebody that don't like me Keep watching, baby Journey, more power To you, Alex, getting there? Slowly, but surely Had an excellent Break, but tomorrow it's time To get on the grind My layout makes me Feel warm, it reminds me of Honey, I love it Like OK, I'm not Pregnant, I know this thank u No need for all this In battle, you must Always know when you are at Advantage and strike I was waiting for A sassy retort from you Merry Christmas, boo Yeah, I'm not staying With my grandmother tonight I'm coming outside I saw black panther A second time and it was Still so fucking good Crazy, this is the Worst driving of the season So far, please be C I'm supposed to be Doing something today, I Can't remember what? Just remembered this Happened to my best friend, so Yes, I am flexing I'm reporting this Post for racism and hate Against white people They had a local Band on as support mate they We're bloody awful Taking a nap and Waking up with a headache? Is the biggest scam? Wonder if you know Say some are asking for you To spit in their face I'm gonna take a Shower and then finally Make some proper food Happy New Year, love Thank you for everything so Far blessings to come Kindest heart, this is What the media needs to? See, this is Katy Liam, payne, did it? So good nothing but respect For my president You listen, no one But you expect everyone To listen to you I'm doing too much If I go to post office To get my package We got a rainbow Is that because she was gay? No, she liked Rainbows My sister is in The baby picture, too, but Her hand looks creepy My goodness, I will Have to go count how many I have watched so far Nana, you did good And you'll do even better Next year, I love you I'm gonna be up All night tonight, lol, I slept The whole afternoon I guess I better Without leadership, I know I'll be happier She has no issues With hugging a stranger, so She proceeds to hug Sooner or later That person you stalling on? Will find somebody I have a craving For video games because Of how slow they are I support black lives Matter and we all know I'm A blonde Caucasian This is so funny I feel sorry for them, but They need protection I hate you skinny Hoes be looking hungry, come Get you a meal, bitch I honestly don't Know why I do everything? I do for people It's never going To happen, it never was Going to happen? Think I wanna go? Get me a bottle of wine But I'm so tired Chrissy Teigen, when? Life gives you too many limes Make a lot of pies I feel like Brian May is one of the nicest People in the world I'm gonna eat so Much Turkey regret it and Go back for seconds I did some major Shopping today I'm proud of Myself, I deserve I got trust issues 'Cause everybody seem to Have lying issues Honestly, I'm just Having some big cravings for? Strawberry milk, lol Molly, the dog likes To eat baguette and play with Brady, all day long I'm suppose to be Writing my paper now, but I got distracted What's your favorite? Role to be recognized for When out and about? I forgot she's my Legal team agent, mentor That's my baby, though You always there, U Are everywhere, but right now I wish u were here I'm gonna be all 'Sale for my birthday and It's supposed to rain Social night will be Starting in an hour, join In and have some fun There are coyotes Calling to each other I've Never heard that here My kid is banging His head up against the wall Thinks it is funny Losing my grandma Really took a toll on me That was my mom B You wanna play games? Let's go, you don't wanna fuck With me, I promise I've been having some Crazy dreams because of this Medicine I'm on Holy shit, man, I Just made a mini cheesecake In the microwave Hi roasting is such An ugly concept, why do? People still do this You someone I don't? Even want to look to think Or to reminisce It's really no big Deal I can carry this by Myself, Lord Corrin I don't wanna talk To anymore else, but you All I want is you You clearly do not Value our friendship so Might as well end it Resisting the urge To spend all of my money On Christmas presents My last work party Durant two years longer than It was supposed to I just been wanting To tweet and express myself But I was locked out Pretending to write When the teacher is looking To call on someone Merry Christmas to You and the family try Not to get sunburned I really needs to Stop taking's advice and Pence are victims and Putting this out in? Faith, I wanna produce a TV show some day I've never been more Excited for a Thursday Then I am right now Don't want to fucking Feel this way anymore, what? The actual fuck? Only thing to do On a day like today is Get cute, be outside Why are the biggest? Stars of the playoffs so far Drake and Kevin Hart I have just finished Prayer and I log onto Twitter to this, I I'm about to not Wear any makeup to work And call it a day How you treat people? Is a reflection of how? You feel about them? You can never wake Up too, Earl, forget that I'm Going back to bed? I'm not going to Say anything I'm going To just be quiet Going to Walmart? Is like going to Spencer's? With less anal stuff It's something about Being at peace with yourself And in your spirit God is giving me One more day to prepare for That Luca's teaser Y'all ever notice How girls in the gym focus? More on legs than men Does anyone want? To go to Scotland in the Next couple of weeks Love the new profile Pic also, what should I be? Wearing this evening? Thank you, everyone For all the birthday wishes Today I love y'all Wow, how exciting? Looking forward to seeing Many more pictures I would be lying If I said I don't aspire To be like Virgil Yes, agreed, but some People think fat and curvy Has the same meaning? Maybe one day, if You could ever manage to Get funny, sweaty Happy new year, you Are wonderful, my sun, I Love you very much My ortho wants me To wear my rubber bands, but This pain is too much McCabe was trying To get Rosenstein fired All you need to know Draw your guinea pig And your cat discovering The cure for cancer It's gonna hurt for Bit of time, so bottoms up Let's forget tonight Finally back home About to take this shower Relax my damn nerves I've gotten so used To doing things by myself I prefer it now Yup, but hopefully All my baby teeth don't fall Out at the same time Good morning, Twitter I cycled to work with No Coat on this morning I hate everything But at least I'm going to Disneyland this week Hi in Singapore And off to the races on Friday night I'm Dad Planning a big game Night for next weekend for my Friends and family Sing about me, I'm Dying of thirst made me cry When I first heard it This fall winter I'm Going to use the hell out? Of my slow cooker I'm really gaining A lot of followers, it's Finally my time Thanks for hosting A Quiet study space for us During finals week Why was the leader? Of the bad transformers, not Called Optimus Crime I thought I'd never Say this, but I'll never eat Chick fil'a again What a genius look How far we've come under him? He's magic, you know? What're you after? I have a broken zipper I know those women My tweet was added To a moment, what does this? Mean, am I famous? Alright, it is time I will officially play God of war today My dark circles are So bad the snapchat filters Can't even save me I'm always looking For an answer, someone to Tell me who I am I have managed to Fit in a festive bake off To assuage both sides Welcome home, Gordon This is Jessy speaking and Let's get along well Thanks, Jill, I'm lucky To have nice people like you To check in with me Some people are too Toxic for each other, they Can't be together Having to lie to So many people right now To make them happy But does he really? Fit on what Louisville is Trying to build here I'm hungry as fuck I need someone I can hit Up just to go eat The urges to kill Are coming back, gotta go See this therapist I'm the coldest I've Ever been and I have no Clothes to wrap up in I never give up Even if the night should fall Always do my best Not going to lie I miss my wild side sometimes I used to be lit I need excitement In my life before I just Start doing dumb shit I can never sleep Throughout the entire night Always waking up I need a peanut Butter and jelly sandwich In my life right now I love getting an Email saying that I have A flight coming up A meaning of the Band name is a meaning of All in Japanese Calling it now when Stacey Abrams wins, Trump will Say it's voter fraud The key to success Never turn on your phone and Never touch your bed The ocean is just Like a giant trash can, if? U think about it I'm so tempted to Smoke, but I gotta lot of More reading to do And whatever did? Come out, she threw away now I gotta go back My darling you and I we'll take over the world One step at a time I saw a sparrow At this hour, tyrants burn Anger always pleads I have ample reads To understand that bo was Just another thug They never taught us How to be men only how? To be a shooter The moron who just? Lost thee Jordan Lancaster I pity the fool Han Solo, how do? We blow it up, there's always A way to do that I forgot how much I hate being on campus During peek hours If you don't listen To yung bans, do yourself a Favor and change that Alright, got it, thank U tho where do u wanna? Call discord skype or Ever feel like some? People met the right person But at the wrong time Shut up ugly ass! NeRd the V in your profile Stands for Virgin now My nick is almost Ready, but I can't tweet what Is this sorcery? Yang, I was going To wink, but I forgot how To move my muscle Don't even waste your Time andy, you deserve to Be treated better Now playing Jesus Oh, what a wonderful child By Patti Labelle I feel empowered Knowing I have the highest Looking over me Colts are going to Win their second Super Bowl Against the bears, huh? A heated blanket Might be my favorite gift I got for Christmas I'm about to turn My phone off, I really don't Wanna be bothered? The respect you have For others, reflects upon Your own self respect Rosie and I are Going on a road trip, see? Ya later, losers My sister is such A fucking bitch like, can I? Kill her already Looking at people In the replies, make me feel Like I have no lips Working with all men Makes me hate them even more Than I did before Had a wholesome chat C with my friend Henry I Feel happy for once It makes me happy When people like the music I recommend them I pray everyday That I never have to be Without my girlfriend So I'm sorry to My unknown lover, sorry That I can't believe Big mouth is fucking Fantastic, it's so funny And fucking filthy Pirates love booty Trump will never become my Favorite book yet About to explode I had enough with all of This Cases section I'm only really Happy when I'm by myself I can have a ball Were you asking for? A nafta update we'll have I got news for you Over the all star Weekend, Lebron is going To sit on a throne And are periods? A good thing for little girls To have yes, mistress It's better I don't Sit at home, it's afternoon I can eat something A'm agreed, sadly those Types tend to be very good Used car sales people If you can't detect When someone is cheating you? Can't detect failure Stop praying for A Sign their actions already Have you the answer? I rather hurt you By telling you the truth than Hurry you by lying Lemme, just pull an Aaron and beat the meme like Beating a dead horse I scheduled a tweet This snapchat hotdog filter Is the greatest thing? In other news, I'm Excited, I have one down And two to go, yay? You're a disgrace and A racist pig, but then you Know that already Old movies marvel Movies and Harry Potter Keeps me so happy Such a beauty, I Think you are a sensitive And romantic girl People are leaving The train no wonder why your Ridership is down If you get motion [Sick from his flying] Then He is not the one I just wanna not Be shut down for trying to Be happy for once You never brought me Flowers never held me in My darkest hours No army can stop An idea whose time has? Come Victor Hugo Warnock, don't give a Fuck, does he absolutely? Peak Colin, that is Happy birthday, big Falla, see you Saturday For a mad one, X Alright, alright, I'm Give up for more confident Than you'ke ke ke Kinda wanna cut My hair really short, kinda Wanna grow it long? In order to cheat The devil you must first make Then an offering How dare u fucking? Disaster me when I'm trying To ignore you first Stop trying to please People not everyone is Going to like you? I gotta stay out Of trouble with the law, man I'm sick of this shit Hirst, I've never met Anyone who loved Christmas? As much as you do You are too fucking Fine, God really took his time On his favorites I'm going to live In France, in a near future Mark my words, bitches Sitting with you and Just talking about life is What I call my peace Update: I had dreams Of puppies and happy stuff The rest of the night I really want to Do something that will get me Back to drawing T Pia, I think this Is our film let's go see? It when it comes out How wonderful life? Is when you have family? Who believe in you? You know, he belongs In Leavenworth, this guy in My personal view This medieval art Midterm will be the reason I don't graduate Whatever you do Be so good they can't ignore You candy, Crowley There is no better Words than hearing, my dad say I am proud of you I'm just gonna ghost Outta Tucson, man, this is Some otha shift here Sorry about what? Happened bro one love, U will Find another one Why does this always? Fucking happen to me, I Sworn to fucking God I'm open for all Genders on Earth and I'm still Single love, life, man Anyways, send me Pictures if you have any It's one of my kinks Had half my research Paper finally done, and My computer crashed Watching two movies? I never got the chance to See in theaters Did you ever stop? To think and forget to start Again, a a milne I really got it Out the mud, it's a blessing I made it this far Uncle Clancy, don't Make me call Grandma on you lol, how's Alaska? People have started Wearing Christmas hat I trust My Benin people I struggle so hard When it comes to picking A Nail polish color Bradley Cooper will Get a grammy, even though He's not a singer Sean, have you always? Been so stupid or did you? Need to work at it Inform the raven In this setting, heroes rule Cruelty never grows Hey, Ryan, can you? Please read my message indent You in private, please My nephew just asked When I'm gonna give him a Caught to play with Need the getaway? Trip away from all chaos And rambling people Don't even get me Started on why marriage ain't What it used to be Name off some really Good movies I should watch in Need of suggestions? Paddy, myrtle black The neighbours do not need to See your John Thomas As a girlfriend can Never be me in that car I will rather trek Why is everyone? Testing me I'm over it Wanna go to bed? Do I dislike that? My hair looks blonde even tho I dyed it brown, yes How many chances? Do you need to win before? You can close one out You ever got slapped? So hard during sex that your Earl started ringing People are so quick To forget who gave them the? Place they have today Gotta go back to Annapolis, get the rest Of my shit later Once u hear something In a song you've never heard U can't u hear it David Clarke reveals Who is really behind the? Anti gun protests Anyone know how? To get rid of belly fat Asking for a friend I'm really about To stay up all night online Shopping, I need help Wicked music is Incredible, and that is Not up for debate Maybe I'll get drunk Again to feel a little Love drunk ed sheeran It's been over two Years since I saw the story So far what the fuck? Christmas music is Making me happy right now What is going on? Most women reject Good men accept bad boys and Blame every man I really think, Mod Silver would be better if It was the fuck squad Not to be cocky Or anything but I look Really cute today I'm gonna get a Present for myself, but don't Tell me anything I don't check baggage I carry on and leave that Bullshit in the past Nothing like spending The occasional day off Applying for jobs? I'm super ready To go, I cannot function In this hoe nomo I'm just tired of Seeing all this dumbass shit Talk for no reason People paying to Watch a United match, please Show it Nah, oh, fuck I think I'm going On a date tomorrow and I'm so damn nervous Hello, yes, I'm here To make a lil thread about The love of my life All a's this coming? Quarter I declare it in The name of Jesus Still working on this Please help, I only date boys Who play guitar me? Dina Kim is real After months of make believe She's finally real 'Cause it'll be a Cold day in hell before I Put that to my mouth I let these weirdo Have me bothered yesterday? I'm back tho fuck em I wanna write, but I don't feel like getting up To get my journal I got to campus Early, just so I could take A nap in my car My biceps look so Good when I do bicep curls It's what I deserve Tatum took a pic With Lebron when he was a Kid, that's crazy, lol How about instead? Of filming, you fucking do Something about it? I hereby demand You fucking demand who do? You, you think you are? Miami fans talk All that bullshit on this app But won't flick a gnat Money cannot buy You happiness in the long? Run, remember that Somebody bring me Some Halloween candy, I'll Write you a song, lol Are you supposed to? Wash ur face after using A face mask or no Grer needs to learn How to throw the ball away? In the worst way, tho No mercy, bring home The dog, after all it is The year of the dog I've decided to Do another makeup look Today wish me luck I need a service Where you hire someone to? Cuddle and watch rent I like pavement too I hate walking in mud on My way to the store They wanna kill Rock And roll because they know it Makes us horny, man Everyone loves A Tristan, remember this for? Wolff Parker, White Everything is just Falling apart piece by piece And I'm over it Why is my bedroom? Always the coldest room in The entire house Why do females think? That guys are always gonna Keep begging them, lol I feel a little Better I'm still pissed, but I Let most of it out This birthday shit is Next week, I need everything Done by this weekend I bet you gonna Start loving me when I start Loving someone else There always comes an End sometimes it's scary, but Enjoy the ride there I don't agree with Living a gay lifestyle, what? Kinda dumb ass shit I'm leaving the house So, Ratchet, if you see me Don't say anything People will really Go behind your back, then act Like it's nothing, lol Have you been taking? A lot of breaks from Twitter The last couple weeks My parents brought my Sisters and I gift cards and Flowers, I love them I want Linda to Come to Boston, so we can Do drag together Gotta stop looking Forward to shit, that's how I Always get let down When will New Zealand? Stop being cry babies, that's What I wanna know? Friendship is like an [ umbrella] The more it rains The more you need it Serving can be so Excuseing and people can Be mean, need a blunt Go get the honey Bambler, I repeat, go get The honey badger My mom always wants To tell everyone she meets Her whole life story I'm not going back To my island for Christmas Time to kill myself The first family Throwing subs up and down it Be your own people Dylan has my dream Casting for him next week, go Dylan and good luck I'll never leave you Near me, even if you mean Everything to me Sam Vision, Clint and Wanda, I guess and I have A dollar to spare Homecoming this year Seems so unorganized, it's Too much going on You're doing us wrong For Anglo, Saxon and White Hispanic males lol Starting the new year Off right with a little trip To Dublin, Galway I've made so many Incredible friends on here Wow, I feel so blessed I liked the movie But I left it feeling like Something was missing Guru, wait until Nationalists bring up the Fact he is English What happens when you? Get an exam package and Still fail your exams I always trust those More that are spiritual My instinct says yes Now the others have Their popcorn waiting to see What happens to us? I gotta room up In the city we can play Finish the bottle How do you manage? To make everything you tweet An issue like stop Women are human Beings, that's just enough to Treat them as equals If I was Steyer And soros, I'd wonder where All my money went Somebody please teach Me how to make eye makeup As intense as that Just need someone to Go to target with me and Go Christmas shopping The person you love The most is the person who Can hurt you the most To the angel that Gave me cookies, thank you, I Needed them today Sometimes I believe There's a part of me missing Where you used to be Why does everyone? Think I'm violent who do You guys think I am? Failed my first exam Of the semester we're off To a good start, folks Happy birthday, you Are birthday buddies with my? Mil, enjoy your day Merry Christmas and Happy holidays from way Up here, Hawley Lake Honestly, thank God 'Everyone for the people I got in my life And it appears, Jack Dorsey will be bitten on The front little bite Are they giving out? Gold medals to Snowflakes, if They get offended I just wanted a Secret session in Brazil But Shawn forgot us Hey, lil'b sorry To bother you, but will the? Eagles win tonight Whoever wants to? Be nice enough to gift me This spooky basket My teacher called me An artist, but I think he Got a letter wrong So now we gotta Find a way no matter how Many miles a day My favorite part About it is Mack trying To tell him to stop Solve a debate In my office, do you wait? On line or in line Connor, no worries It's not for everyone but Thank you I'm trying Eat some leftover Smoked B&B'q chicken and A few espressos We can't lose our Demons, we can only learn To live above them I always forget What in gonna say and it? Be important, man I don't believe in Plastic surgery, but in Your case, go ahead Because some people Are mucky fuckers would hate? To see their houses I really wish it Was warm outside, I wanna Go for a bike ride I'm so fucking bored I'm about to re download The Kardashian game May the universe? Be softer and kinder to Us this October Wow, the universe Really sent me a direct [Message this morning] I just wanna live Peacefully and do right by The people I love I wanna get high N get dressed, but I wanna Go back to sleep, too Robbie quoted Bring Me in his higher English Essay, pass it on Shit, go get harder Before it get easy, just Keep moving forward Have I betrayed u? Before, yes, a lot, so why? Are u sad this time? Missed the game today And kinda glad for my health But we got the win Starting the new year Off with a fucking naughty Bit of fish and chips Proud moment indeed Can't wait to see you excel At the next level My special talent Is loving someone who won't? Love me in return Just because you see Me with someone does not mean We talk or fucking She broadcasts Secret Instructions in those dances She does on her show Nothing can compare To that morning, piss after A night of drinking I can really hear Joey's glow in random songs I've never heard of Dodger's going to Lose every game to the Reds and Cardinals James Harden, the type To put his whole mouth over The water fountain Someone has to turn The lawnmower on for me But I can do it Will my mom ever? Get tired of hurting me Yeah, I don't think so I wish Walter liked Women because I have the Biggest crush on him Been drinking ginger? Ale, all day I refuse to Miss work tomorrow Nothing annoys me More than people who step on My shoes on purpose Wanted my hair to Be a dark red colour and It's fucking, ginger My tummy hurt so Bad, I just wanna go home And lay in my bed You should be writing Like an applesauce in love With a stickler I think I'm gonna Log out of everything for The rest of the week Whatever you want God and Gaia will provide Relax, chill out mates My Sunday is fine I'm just wondering who drinks Coke in a tumbler Happy birthday to You pretty good hope you have A wonderful one Furious would be An understatement of how? Mad, I am right now Why am I breaking? Out so badly, fuck off, I Do not deserve this It's okay not to Be okay sometimes it's hard To follow ur heart How many times do? I have to tweet about Hack This is retarded Maybe instead of Asking someone to fuck off I'll do it myself Everyone is your Assistant, if you make it Fun for them, ya know Day is gone, noah Gundersen, the courage and The Forest Rangers Never cared about Girls going thru my phone, lol You know what it is Special fucking teams Won a game like that, gonna? Lose one like it, too Maybe one day I'll Feel loved and believe it and Accept it, maybe I'm falling for films That were derived from novels Suggest me some more I am so fucking Stressed out, I literally Want to fucking cry? Me making brownies On a Tuesday, more likely Than you'd ever think So many mistakes But it's never to late to Start to be better I will never find A pen for this perfect nib Why does God hate me? My heart really hurts I thought I've accepted the Fact, but I guess not I'm so frustrated And already in tears and It's barely noon, man Baby, I just need A little space, a little Break from U today I'm sure animals Just sit back and talk about How trash humans are? I'm happy I grew Up listening to rock shit Makes me feel alive A cat's gotta fly Sometimes we need a little Break in the action Morning little elves It's very cold here today And what about yours? Come on, Boris Mogg And Davis, get her out we Can't let this happen Someone in my house Is watching New Moon I can? Hear Roslyn playing Well, maybe they had Trouble selling our home Games in Buffalo People will screw you Over and really try to Be your friend again This week, once again I proved to myself that I Can do anything I support gays and Someone is against that, they Have an big problem They are very good With a tripod or fixed to The top of a scope That's just to funny But then again, he is your 'Other side, lol I'm losing myself In the process of helping Everyone else out Donald Trump needs a Visit from all the ghosts on A Christmas Carol Can someone explain? Why, when I'm the most active? I look twice as big Hey, hey, smooth sister Watch empty soul gonna wail And yell, oh, hey, yeah Funny part is this Morning, he kept telling me He wear it today I've few jokes about Unemployed people, but none Of them seem to work Why do people smell? Like vinegar and ham on A Monday morning Wait, was anyone? Driving the car or was it? A self driving car I just got around To watching dear white people And it was so good I'm loosing in game Mic options during gameplay Please look into this No worries, Marti Hope you get a copy, do You have a kindle I get so anxious At night for some reason, I Can never get sleep Internet back on Track just kinda had a heart Attack for a sec I think I'm gonna Watch coco tonight and drown Out my pain, C ya I love driving on The freeway and seeing the Snow on the mountains One thing about love Is that it will always come? Back to you twofold I rub raw honey On the wound, maybe to you It tastes like sugar Your half hour break Is brought to you today by Tiffany Young, Inc My two take aways From this video, God bless! Boston don't do pills That reminds me we're Supposed to do lunch today? I'm still laying down Morgan is worried Women will be empowered To interrupt him Dear Algebra, stop Making me find your X cause She ain't coming back How long until Trump? Nominations Judge Judy As A federal judge Capone, see as you Carry two opposite sex For profile picture Being pushed away Check putting up with it, not Going to happen? The uber rich are A huge problem for boxing Here's how to fix it lol, connect the dots Used to be my favorite Pastime as a child Don't ever pull crap Like this again, it'll be The last time you do Who's all going to? The Charlotte Sweaters Party At the Crown Plaza Sex is not dating If it were Santana and I would be dating Also, I should be Going to this drake concert? Tonight I'm livid You will have nothing But regret, trust me on this Don't do it your way If Darby caught that I would've forgave him for His shitty day, lol I cannot wait till Florida, I need some warm Weather in my life Jades, Grandpa is so Damn cute in this hospital I can't even deal Mac Miller, what the? He'll is going on so sad Rest on McCormick Perfect by nature Icons of self indulgence Just what we all need Maybe one day I'll Be able to pull myself From this misery Why do these drawings? Remind me of the fancy [Phones] Adventure game I see you seeing My stories even tho you Don't follow me, Hun A home wrecker killed [Freddie] Mercury, that will Haunt me forever I don't even know If I want to restart, don't Know if it's worth it? People wait for you To slip up, but your slipping In more blessings The most beautiful Mama to be can't wait to Meet our lil man Many boys and girls Joined the police because of That pistol I hear Johnny, do you name? Your stuffed animals I need To know for science Taking your bra off After a long day is one Of the best feelings I stopped going out On weekends, my bank account Is looking healthy? Where's the video? Of Ian Rapping Star With A British accent Getting tired of School, it's a test everyday I'm mentally drained If my body told The truth, baby, I would do Just what I want to People be worried About the wrong shit like get Ya shit together I can't focus now And I was really waiting For this performance And I be leaving Early from work because of How much work we have? My siblings and I Do it too, lol, we always Say my mom, my dad I'm so tired of Being depressed all the time I just want a change Fake support is A Thing never get upset just Peep it and move on So ready for this Fair food Saturday, I can Taste it already Do the senators? Put on their calendars when They get to read it Today it was my Great honor to celebrate The Fourth of July This lady said I Look, black Egyptian I'm like Um, yea, I'm just black I'm watching Harry Live in Manchester on my Flight and I'm crying Wait until I learn How to love myself, boy, it's Gone be over with Whatever you say Won't change anything, so you? Can shut up as well Expect an email From me about a custom Order soon, my love I reckon this will Get me banned, is it because? She is black listed My mom is Puerto Rican and Chinese and my Dad is Jamaican I'm watching the new Episode and just crying Why am I like this? You can really miss Someone when you think about? All they did for you I hate the falcons And their dirty team with an Even worse fan base So are we gonna? Get those deleted scene in Directors cut or Not really hungry But want to fill my body? With horrible food I'm rocking alone Always even when I'm with People still alone My boyfriend does not Like when I wear leggings, but What ass do I have? Time to hit, Riga A pretty long flight, but this Should be a good one My countdown is down To single digits, oh, my God, it's happening Ya ok kill Bill Is the greatest of all time? And what about it? Want another taste? Or are you afraid it'll? Get you too, Horny Love ice skating, but My feet are now swollen and In a lot of pain Get you by Daniel Caesar has to be played at My future wedding Honey, can you pick? Up dinner on your way home Sexting when married I hate feeling like I can't do anything to Make you feel better Like, maybe last month My current obsession was Getting my ass done Tell me a funny Joke for the truth of fiction Inside of a lie Why do white people? Feel they are superior To others, I'm lost Tiger's only wants To cuddle when I need to Get ready for class Whoever had Zeke? On their fantasy team is Loving life right now Good morning to Paul McCartney, I hope you have A good Saturday Update the kids just Smashed a fire alarm and It's now going off I am not laughing I understand the pain of The fallen ice cream Hi, Allison, when? Are you hoping your blog goes? Live, I cannot wait Lord, no matter what? The result is, I will still Be grateful to you We the people of America needs to stand Up for what is right? Dear Eric, I think The universe it's trying To tell you something Such a lucky slave Blessed for being chosen to Serve such mistresses If you want something Ask for it otherwise, you Will never have it I been craving A Corn dog lemonade from the Fair for the longest The taken movies Will never get old, I swear I love them so much We hope people are So proud of Puerto Rico We're proud of a clue Just wanna go back On harming myself again I miss it so much Damn, I really wish I was boating or sitting By the lake right now Honestly, I don't Even know where or what to? Start cleaning up Just keep talking and Maybe you can talk your way Out of this deep end Don't do anything To keep up with me, baby I'm really living The concert was cool Honestly, I just enjoyed Being there with you Happy Mother's Day To all our wrestling moms Thanks for all you do Bro, I really have To figure out what I want To eat everyday I was fucking it Up tho I woke up ready To get it popping Lil b is pretty Infuses, but I can't judge Him for it, all love There is always some Mess going on in Sheila Jackson Lee's office What's it like being? So fucking racist, you think? Your followers know Smile can cover all But pretend to be happy Spends much energy It is really two Days since you had the letter We should have acted I really need to Start saying no to going In work early I've never been more Happy with the direction My life is going No, I suppose I'll Keep that to myself I can Shrug and look stupid Why is fucking hot? In November, bro fuck i Hate the weather here You poor sick lady Would a god chose a pussy? (grabbing retard) No What's going on with? Your click and collect option Is it not working? Do you really love? Me or is you playing me? Like everyone else I just really don't Know what I would do without My people ya feel This dude was bumping Love in the club by usher In the parking lot Anyone know where? I can purchase a giraffe Asking for a friend This Gomez kid is A fucking moron on third What an easy score Time to treat myself And turn up the brightness on My phone a little I always cry like A baby when my dad leaves For work in abroad I'm covered in slag I must seek cover quickly Or pain is coming I know I'll never Wanna come home from la I? Really don't want to I miss Jordan, I Wanna clock out early so? I can go see him Now Jason Tatum Been everybody's man's miss Me with that bullshit Sympathy we tried To complete my god I don't Have no one problem I'll always act A Certain way with people based On their past actions Just another day In the Trump presidency Nothing to see here How am I supposed? To find my glasses when I Can't see anything Hello, artists, I Love, can u come to Munich? And give me money Need to stop falling Sleeping as soon as I start Any form of work? Why is Nathan Scott? In the haunting of Hill House Looking fine as fuck Me grandad used to Do this, that was amazing I wish you the best Back on my bullshit Because it's the only way I know how to cope We are disgusting Immoral creatures I can't Even look at this Hopefully that today Won't be a failure, aka? For positive vibes That nothing could be Sadder than this woman this [Woman] And this man Oh, sorry, I just Assumed because I thought you We're a complete wimp I'll do replies in The morning I have to sleep Because it's two am Started drinking to Get me through this paper and Now I'm just drinking Can someone throw a? Party, please, I wanna wear Fancy desi clothes I warned the shadows At the judgement, virtue waits Anger never bows Hanging on the rim That long tells me you wanna Play a contact sport Vote Democrats, if You want to see the breakdown? In law and order Maybe ice cream cake Music, sum characters, shit That is an party Spoiler, alert my Woman and my sister, they both Love Harrison Ford Ladies, take your man Out for Valentine's Day, he A bitch anyways You know it's getting Hot when your shea butter is Easy to scrape It will be peaceful But it won't be a protest Which can be ignored Meghan, Markle is Really, really good at pants By royal wedding Holding on to false Reality can leave you In the twilight zone Hopefully things go In place, and it was all Worth it in the end I really should start Taking more photos of the Moments around me Overall hard to Imagine the jazz winning A game in Houston I'm about to buy A new fish tank, someone talk Time out of it, please It's about to be A very low key weekend I'm ready for it Being induced in A few hours can't wait to Meet my baby boy I'm just playing with Him, so I don't fucking care Where the hell he is? Just remember some Of y'all bitches will never Be the only one 'Being the youngest' Looking one, I see you, Chris Hansen wants a word I fell back asleep After I stopped my alarm I love being smart freckles are so cute Arrorate my mom and brother Have them and I don't Hi is your email Server down, I can't receive Email from server Alright, so what's the? Cure and can I purchase it? Over the counter In other news, I Eat a whole pizza tonight And I want to die Decided that I'm Not going to move, I'll just Buy new furniture Fuck me beautifully With a cinder block and call Me a real cool dude I probably tweet This too often, but I miss Andrea and Jeff That much is certain He shook his head slowly, just Be careful, will you? Fuck me honestly With deodorant and call Me salt and pepe In a few moments The winner of the raffle Will be announced B I miss the feeling Of getting to know the ins And outs of someone Does this apply to? Russian anchor babies too Asking for a friend This kid only comes In my life to destroy me Time and time again Great morning on A Tight schedule, but on my way To get my new keys I have mixed feelings About people bringing their Speakers to the gym Merry Christmas to Everyone please be safe and Have a joyful day Don't ever say, please That mean u begging man don't Beg man, get access Scott, smiling's hard After us, Yelling Clink will Haunt me forever Update: Still talking About Florence like she's not In a band, stay tuned Put fan account in Your bio, I know it looks Dub, but like do it Maybe it's better If I just give up trying To save anything James Harden's ankle Breaker has to be the best One I've ever seen More sponsors, so we Can offer more free screening And mobile clinics If he really passed Out after I got the lube I'm going to laugh When not even the Death note: Live Action Movie Can stop this madness Don't miss the Roses Because you were looking for The four leaf clover Tampa Bay Rowdies Is the best team name fire? Is a close second? I'm starting a cult Where we do vodka shots and? Eat burger, come join I deserve that, don't I some sort of blazing love That I can live with I think I'm drinking Too much coffee and tea and Too little water I missed the Grammy's Again this year, how many? Did Zeppelin win? Birthday in two weeks And I'm unsure if I want To go out drinking Always trying to Figure out why I was such A fucking weird kid Packing for Disney World is a lot harder than I thought it'd be Your sense of humor By degrading people does Not make sense at all Fischer, I'm just back Out of a long meeting, have I missed anything Can someone send me? Please, the Turkish version of The message to Fox I almost just cried At a publix commercial What is wrong with me? Thank you, premier it Will also help make our Schools safer for all There is no shortage Of fault to be found amid Our stars, John Green Wishing you, metric Tons of happiness on your Birthday, enjoy it What are reaction? Videos on YouTube like Why I don't get it? Dae, your moustache is Coming in, you know who you Look like Malcom C My heart will explode Of restlessness and longing I can foresee it Once upon a time Nora, the creep brat left his Home Nora went home I do treat people Like shit on the regular Gotta work on that Be careful who you Trust, remember the devil Was once an angel We could've had it Good, but we started off wrong Since the beginning She's totally fucked With me, I just say silly After silly shit It's Christmas in A Few hours, but I swear I'm Not feeling the vibe I lost a nickel B'and stumbled across A Dime of bad b es I forgot how much I love Lana, wow what'a? Time to be alive You don't really get Over losing someone, you Just get used to it There was a table Of triplets, they were so cute Now I want triplets I'll be less active Until I found my phone back Sorry in advance Me and my shorty Getting away from Dallas? For a lil next week Tired of cooking Tired of spending money On food, just tired Inform a sparrow At this hour, heroes cheer Wisdom always bows Keep up the spirit Have you taken a watch of? Our teaser film I don't even care About sex, I just wanna Be laid up with you She cries salty tears For inside of those eyes, she Carry an ocean You can never live Dreams for other people, you Can only live yours I therefore conclude That baby don't stop will be The cause of my death We're all going to Die someday, we might as well Kiss each other out Rather be single Cus, I won't have anyone Waste my fucking time I got a haircut And now my hair is shorter Than Steve Aoki Do you ever fart? Under your sheets and wave it In face, cause same The lady in gray Hurried beyond the field and The professor smiled This is amazing And nerve wracking all at the Same time, oh, my God I want puppies so  badly, I just want a house Full of animals Can cats burp because? I think Luna just did and It sounded so cute I refused to give A guy, my number and he Called me a bitch, lol The next Sunday, I Got off of work, I'm going To church, it's a must Bro, I don't even Wanna put up with my own? Shit, let alone yours When people text you? Know the conversation is Just about over I promise I don't Want nobody else to be? Around me, but you Any vet that thinks? He gives a fuck about you Please pay attention Happy world goth day To all my emo brothers And sisters out there Give Donnie all the Purple jackets in the world He deserves them all lol, I always go Out on Thursday, I never Go out on Fridays I be wanting to Comment and speak my mind, but My friends tell me no Ah, it appears I've Managed to wake up early For once in my life My bed is sexting Me already I'll give in Pretty fast tonight Would you rather talk? About Excel, I could go On about spreadsheets Hope you record some Songs, overtime, kiss the sky Satellites, my dude Kiss me hard enough To make me forget the harm You absence caused me Always gonna be Here for ya, no matter what? I love you too, man You gotta be big Mad at someone to throw a Bowl of soup at'em I'm so fucking sick I literally can't breathe Out my nose, rip me Connect response is Very slow, can somebody? Get in touch with me Now you gotta cut Him off because he don't know How to stay a friend? I wanna slip out Of my skin and become A New person, real quick This is so fucking Extra white peoples need to Chill for a second Heaven knows how much I love you, but we gotta Love ourselves too I'm feeling like a Ghost, yeah, and that's exactly What I aim to be Why can't everyone? In the world, come together To stop violence She had destroyed her Own character and conscience Shame on you, Hally More selfies today Even though I'm an ugly Piece of shit, you bet Wweed is something to Look forward to everyday Well, the feeling is I will promise to Work harder from now on the Sky is the limit England might as well Fold if Danny Rose is on The plane to Russia Rode in a pickup Truck uber today because Ya know, Wisconsin Once upon a time Nora, the creep brat left her Home Nora went home Half my memories From Snapchat just deleted On it's own, I'm pissed Nothin like the chief To remind you that you do In fact, have a soul Our next game is About an e sports game, but? We can't be bothered Asking my kid to Eat is more difficult than A mission to space Good morning, have a Wonderful day dressed warmly And take care, love u My family chews So fucking loudly, I will Jump out a window How many portals? Does an estate agent need? In this day and age My worst habit is Never keeping receipts just Email the damn shit Highlight of my day I got to use sign language With a deaf person Putin welcomes Trump Who sold out his country for? A hotel shameful I hate being close To someone who hides a bunch Of secrets from me Sometimes I wonder Why the fuck did I decide? To take up this role I don't even know Why I'm typing this out, I Just want to die, man I could do without Hearing per source again for The rest of my life I stayed away from Twitter for a month, I think That's so crazy, lol You were named after The two bravest people I Know Seven Santa If you're going to Form any accent you have To be consistent I better wake up Early tomorrow and have A productive day Then I promise you You'd never manage to buy Near lows guaranteed There's going to be A whole lot of love today And I'm loving it The lays biscuit and Gravy chips are amazing And now I want some Coffee and candy Before I stab you in the Eye with a syringe He's never done it Before I see no reason For him to start now I honestly don't Know what I wanna do I'm Just going with life Draw lucky numbers And it success will bring you Invest in yourself I keep forgetting I have a fresh tattoo on The back of my neck What are we gonna? Do for pep assembly we're? Gonna do your mom Why are people still? Following me on Tumblr My blog is long dead What order do you? Hate samuels and Wilson For pickup this week I know I'm acting A bit crazy, strung out a Little bit hazy Fuck whoever makes You think about them when you? Hear, I fall apart How can you explain? That you've already applied For my new licence Memories are there To remind us of the things That have gone before Gotta suck dick on Your period can't say no I ain't hearing it This piece of pizza That's been sitting out over And it was so cute Hello, how can I? Spend every cent I have In my name on you Plight of a writer People come, people go words Can last forever I always have A Drink with any meal seems not Everyone does this I suppose one more Lifetime won't kill anyone Oh, well, except me Elvis Presley, J D sumner the stamps burning Love Viva Elvis I opened my eyes This morning and did not want To move from my bed Somebody needs their Whole entire ass whooped if We're being honest Honestly, don't miss The party scene and I don't Think I ever will I'm feeling like I'm Falling in two, I don't want To work it out, no Harvey Weinstein, big Piece of shit is going down Next, no excuses Keep forgetting that My long awaited tattoo Day is tomorrow Hi pitch coffee could You message me on Twitter For one minute, thanks Everytime a lil Rain come through direct TV Wanna stop working? I really need to Get a chemical peel for This crusty ass face Yes, I workout, yes I just sit at the machine And tweet we exist God is everywhere Except in the hearts of those Who deny his love? Writing for Malcolm's Haloe this Sunday tomorrow I will post a link ( Groans) I wanna pet I want to make someone walk Around on a leash Merry Christmas, hope You guys are having fun, right? Now I love you guys How many finger? Injuries can I rack up? In one fucking week Someone's taking a Public plane while others are On a chartered flight Ticker says navy Is up big on Notre Dame? May wanna change that? I'm gonna let you 'Stress thinking how stupid Your decision is Did he lower his? Gaze cus he follows deen or You are just ugly If you wanna be Different, you gotta show Me, you really care Leaving for Denver? Tonight it's safe to say I'm Never coming back I should probably Get off my bathroom floor and Study, but I can't Bow down before the One you serve you're going to Get what you deserve Anyway, I'm done Being soft and annoying For tonight, Goodnight Sorry, he's not a Kenyan crack smoking, Muslim Married to a man I guess I'm lying 'Cause I wanna I guess I'm Licing 'cause I don't I will stay gentle No matter what I endure I am so much more Confirm Brother May God continue to help us Wherever we are I've been blowing my Nash so much since Saturday My skin is bleeding Come baby, come sit By me, I wanna tell you About all my dreams Gizmo is asleep On me, hello, not moving Until he wakes up Hello, darkness, why? Don't you pull me asunder? And be done with it Imagine if they Stop doing youtube, you will Never have content Good morning, I hope Today will be a better Day for everyone You are looking good Keef, happy new year to you And your family Why do people come? In other people's lives Just to ruin it Sir, you will have Some fluids thank you from A Robot, who loves you? I want somebody Who all about me and not? These other bitches They don't understand That they are in the movie As the first order Everyone knows A Different version of the Same set of events Now, sessions is just Known as Silent The Clinton's Are the assassins? My landlord gave us Candy for Valentine's Day It's pretty awesome I always end up With at least one weirdo in One of my classes Holy shit, what the? Fuck, I'm so fucking mad what In the goddamn shit Does anyone else? Have a Jenna game they can Bring in tomorrow Where is Juanita? Brodrick, on your page, is she? Not to be believed I love you, Smartass I really do, but please your Neck and hat I can't I'm just following My animal instincts, please Don't run after me Too much talking, let Your actions be your response Good morning actions Our greatest debt 'Caused by sin is erased by Our greater God My lips are itching I think I'm gonna have some Chocolates today, wow? On Island Friday Night is gonna be can't wait To see you get down I've never felt so 'Sale in my life since I've Moved to Kokomo My kinder egg toy I think he is an urban Fire hydrant, kid June is gonna be A hectic, rough, tough tiring And challenging month Dating a hooker? Me so how was work today? Her fabulous me The injustice was letting criminals live here They all need to go I really want to Shop, but I also don't feel Like spending money My dance teacher said Something sexist, do I stop? Going to his class? Where the big bitches? At it's cold today, y'all go Help some people out I have a feeling I'm going to be blind when I run out of youth Sister Sarah, keep Up the fantastic work, you Rock and others roll Water is a scarce Warning, give it free It will be wasted Everyone knows how I think about you, except You and it scares me Making money is Not easy, please try and give Those who are in need I just responded So intensely that I gave Myself a headache Thanks, lady, were you? At the relaxed performance Was it relaxing? I need to figure Out getting my brother home It's really that time A cowgirl's fan walked Past me and said cowboys dat I almost threw up Trance makes me wanna Cry, but like a happy cry I could cry rainbows Stanley Hudson is Going to smack me in the Face with a rainbow Think I'm about to Becoming a person obsessed With bathroom goodies I feel healthier Than McDonald's before they Sellin chicken wraps Working for oneself Is honestly the worst when? It comes to taxes I'm ready but at The same time I'm not ready For tomorrow, lol I can't sleep because I've spent the entire day Having a crisis? They say money ain't Everything but I wanna Fuck you all damn day Happy birthday to A wonderful, strong fighting [Woman] That's my mom Before I dip off To watch Hellraiser, should I? Post my new painting I'd go to Costa And get a chocolate slice, eat It and then go home A friend is shipping Me a skateboard, and I hope It arrives today Everytime I drink Iced coffee lately, I get Pain in my stomach Now, here's a woman With a head for business this Would really work, lol Falling asleep is The hardest shit ever when You're really trying Referring your dreams? Richard Branson says it best Screw it, just do it Hello, want to turn? In this application, then Get faded today Long distance is hard The older you get someone Gotta make that jump Even if you failed Push yourself to try again And achieve your goal I'm about to see Adam Pascal in something [Women] I might cry You just wanna be Somebody before you say You need somebody What, I'm pretty sure Abt myself, I will never Ever stop learning? In trying times, it's Important to find a way To quiet one's mind Harry Wilson is Going to be one hell of A player, no doubt I'm watching training Videos and this guy's name Is on point today? The horror you feel When a train only has two Couragements, no ta I was supposed to Get so much shit done today But everything huts Looking forward to Your concert tomorrow night In Lewisburg, Pa Next season of AHS Should they put Zachary in? Some spooky drag, yes I will probably Cry tears of joy when wedding Planning is over I'm just sitting here Like I don't have to finish Cleaning up cooking Just called my nanna And sang her happy birthday I love her so much Love going to the Supplement store and getting All the free samples Folks really out here Plotting on other folks, y'all Need healthy hobbies? It's black Friday and I have no fucking money In my bank, love life Just had my morning Cup of coffee and let me Tell you, it was good I'm kind of amazed At the decent attempt to Make it hard, sci fi The train conductor Has a weird sense of humor I think I dig it Jackie, I really Got to talk to you after That last video Cupid came to play A game called I am eating Your Easter candy Happy birthday, my Love, I hope you're having a Good day, I love you I'm just trying to Find someone to vibe with and Listen to lil peep It's really a lot Of shit, I gotta change up And it starts at home How dare I forget? About Phil Collins, King of Relative love songs I made a promise To Professor Elm and I Intensive to keep it Zane is going to Be looking for work around Tempe on Monday Getting a text from? You and you said you're sorry Means a lot to me I'm in the middle Of I want to get married But I can wait still Don't let a petty Argument, get in the way Of something special How am I supposed? To focus on finals when Worlds is going on I can't wait until I can scream getaway car At Taylor's concert I need my roommate To come back, I need stories And laughter, love him Wet today ahead Today in Cape Town, go on Harvest that water So much shit changes In a year and I'm happy I got through it all Can someone hex me? So I can't grow facial hair ' anymore, thank you My body gave up On me today, I need sleep Massage and good food Wait until he hears About Trump avoiding the Cold November rain Y'all so gullible Y'all will believe anything The Internet posts Having a good night With the people I like is Something I needed Depression will dead Ass hit me like a fucking Train outta nowhere My mom is reading Off all the doctors she knows On the sunshine list This has so many Levels let it wash over You it takes a sec I ordered pizza And tomorrow I'm really Gonna regret it Adventure time will Always be one of the best Cartoon shows for me I wonder what the? Universe saw the last night We spent together So working at this? Job will encourage me to Take language classes I agree with this Last couple times, I saw him He was head to toe Peace within matters More than anything, take time To work on yourself Mann Amber woke me Up and now my hunger is Hard to ignore, lol Wait for the person That would do absolutely Anything for you? You can really tell The difference from a man? A little ass boy Jimmy Dykes out here Patrolling the floor looking Like crazy, Tony Nice ranting early In the morning I need to Sleep, but I can't lol I wanna rock it All night, baby girl, will you? Rock it out with me Okay, girl, so your In my mentions and on my Account for what now? I went into the Future in my dream last night And now I'm worried Shower is bomb and I smell like Euucalyptus It's so relaxing Men don't like women With no ambition, no work Ethnic vice versa Oath after a Tiring day, it really does Boost your energy I have been staying Awaken at nights wondering If I should tell u I can't explain how Much I love this weather, but Just know I love it Someone remind me To buy a light blocking eye Mask tomorrow, please Just remember that Freddy, Mercury is dead My day is ruined There is not enough Cocaffeine to power me through Daylight Savings Time I miss getting drunk And being ignorant and Falling into walls I promise I can Catch an attitude better And faster than you I wish heaven had A hotline so we could chop It up like ole times I played myself by Not taking leave today, I'm A walking zombie Only things I want For my birthday is this chest Piece and to sleep in Kylie and I are Getting spoiled today by her Daddy and Uncle Maryland just pressed For the first time it ended In a lynn basket Nothing like singing Opera with yo headphones on In a retail store Sometimes I forget Girls be acting like they in High schoo, sit down b I just wanna cry When he said we're gonna watch My favorite band I'm a good person I see good in people when Others see the worst I can't believe that Cryn keeps going on the Show for more abuse I'm thinking so hard About leaving this account? Much to consider I've been trying to Print menus for an hour Now, my printer sucks My cat is grooming He's right next to me, his Breath is pretty bad Been trying so hard To get your follow, but I'm Close to giving up I'm praying I feel Better in the morning, let Force myself to sleep Mother's Day is next Weekend, my mama got one Time to piss me off God puts people in Our lives for a reason I had to learn that Just want my uncle Home and out of hospital So I can see him If the writing is All there I can already See why this is good Not many men can Rock a viking helmet and Sunglasses love it I see that, Mindy Chick is going to be in A wrinkle in time I encourage you All to go, check out bloody Mary, by lil Wayne Talkin' tough wit them Twitter finger, I'm here now Drop a pen, pussy I'm finishing my Degree and gettin'the fuck Outta here, that's all Something in my life Needs to change I'm tired of The same old routine Me watching Westworld They should have a dinosaur World me me me, oh? The people with the Most annoying voices are Also the loudest Whoever Drake gets? Married to is going to Be lucky as hell Talent is a long Patience, laziness, a long Whatever the fuck? This weather is just Beating me to cuddle up On my couch all night My curly hair is A vibe, hey should probably Get back on that too Is there anything? Better than a good jam at The grocery store Even when sleeping I'm just sitting here wishing I was one of them I can never judge Somebody for what they do But why they do it? I wanna push your Body to the limit, let's See what u can do I went to Cracker Bart once now, I hunt deer And say the N word After eight hours Lecture, I'm fucking tired And I need my bed Even with sugar Free creamer, I have to cut The iced coffee's out You will be given A dream with the power to Make it come true, too I don't wanna give You the wrong impression, I? Need love, affection Inform the angels In the battle, Fervor slips Hash never serves The vault was kinda Cheesy, but was not that bad Watching James Franco Nothing but love goes Out to my grandad for the Next couple of days I was talking bad About white people, so I Was called a racist My brother pours his Milk before his cereal What a psychopath Gonna take some time So what I'm moving on to? Better thing, baby Michael has so much Decorum, he hits his ex (wife) When she acts up Random trip to mall I love the smell of commerce In the afternoon They got a pothole Repair number, believe I'm Blowing that bitch up Sometimes I wonder Do I make little things that? Much of a big deal People always make Give more effort for others Than they do for me Hello, I want to Thank you for always being So sweet and lovely Once upon a time There was a hermit who had A poisoned apple Yeah, she totally argued against their noun, if You know what I mean? Who's Manny gonna? Do the secret handshake with When he's a dodger As if it's only Tuesday fuck it, I'm buzzing For a pint tonight [Michael] Wants me to Cut my hair again, but I Want to grow it out? This is the reason Why mental health is still a? Joke in this country I'm only back in Dallas for a week and then I'm leaving again How awful I feel So bad those poor people who Have lost everything I still can't believe Someone can get the renown Moon anymore, lol I always forget How much I love, electra? Heart, what an album? I swear girls never Want you until they see you? Loading someone else? Did I deserve to? Be born that you will only Find out by living Two finals left then I'm done and heading home for The summer can't wait So much I wanna Talk about, but I ain't got No one to talk to Everything I say And do is wrong, I only Make people feel bad Wilkinson, be great To see this amazing team And partnership on I don't wanna hear No sneak dissing, especially From you weak bitches Happy birthday and Many happy more hope your Day was amazing My grandma calls me Often when she gets off Work or I call her Can taxpayers ask? Trump back for the money, he Wasted on golfing You will never know The importance of something Until you lose it Gonna study now And I'll finish the rest of The season tonight That long curly hair His beard with sunglasses on What a handsome boy Sometimes I have to Stop remember that you are God and I am not If you wanna be My lover, you gotta show Me your voter id My sister is there Replacing to my texts with Memes of my daughter Watching Bob Ross is Like taking a sleeping pill But so much better Surprise my new phone Seems to have a problem out Of the fucking box I'm so fucking glad I no longer get Heartburn Or Charlie Horses Does your fave ever? Email you and make your day No, well, mine does soo One and only you Is going to be that song? I'm calling it now Don't remember much About this weekend, but damn I had a good time Feed my needy ass Attention, please, it's been a Whole ass day for me You gotta love you Enough to not accept just Any type of love? My college essay Made my school counselor cry Cheers to that, ladies About to pay off My student loans by helping Others get their own They're gonna nab the Chili Peppers again now Just to spite us both I've never been more Content with a header than? The one I have now And his sister is A Delta black people's stay Going out, sad man Recalling a dream? Is the only thing that makes? A dream worth having I'm in Australia And it's fucking raining May As well be at home My everyday mood To let everyone know that I don't give a fuck I'm crying I have A weak signal, so I might Die for an hour I don't mind helping You, if you don't mind helping? Me when I need it I had better get Moving, I am behind you All on completion You really just have To love dumb baby boy, he's As good as it gets I wonder who is Still an original, it's A copycat world There are so many Fire sets to listen to Not enough gym time I think they maybe Starting to listen, I can't Believe it's back on It may be getting Cold, but it's never too late To get a new boat So are the tumblr? Porn people just going to Move to Twitter now You gotta do the Cooking by the book, you know? You can't be lazy I'm going to have My first visual dropped by The end of this year Have a great morning You amazing person who? The girl reading this You know, a person Is demonized when they can't? Talk to a pastor Tired of crying Tired of trying, I just Need a get away Either u wade in Out of their pathetic lives To think differently Suffering is great If you're a masochist, that's The only time though Does anyone has? Updates on how the roads are In the South Metro Good heaven, can it? Be really so yet now, I Must believe you, C Who else is afraid? To open the next message When you proposing? Can't stop looking at Holidays, why do I think? I'm a millionaire I should've eaten Dinner I know I'm gonna Be hungry later Anyone else have? A bucket list of places They want to have sex You boys will never Learn if you hurt my feelings I'm gonna hurt yours I put Hummus on My veggie burger today And wow I'm dying If you wanna be On my level, just work as Hard as I do, boo Have a great boxing Day, guys, hope you can enjoy Another chilled day When people I don't Normally, talk to text me I get so anxious I am constantly Let down in so many ways And it's exhausting Logan Paul should be Beated with a spiked bat and All his stupid fans The more you listen To post Malone's new album The better it gets Happy birthday to The mother of my children I love you, baby Ever thought about? How someone wasted your time? And get furious Does anyone have? Any suggestions, tips, tricks? To falling asleep She'll never guess in A million years that we have This thing going on Aw, who's the sweetest? In the universe now, see And I got you too This really got me Thinking, oh, my god, I could Be slowly dying Sorry, Mom, I'm A Senior and I have to go To the natty champ I want water, but It's below freezing, I'm not Getting out of bed? Dealing with so much Shit got my head spinning, I Lost my appetite I don't understand People who do not wash their Rice before cooking Sanctioning loan and Playing with your customers? Is not a picnic? I'm in here thinking It's thundering outside, it's Just my dog snoring Today, when I woke Up I found a cow, Rosa A poo and a pig Berlin, you better Tell me when you're on Berlin So we meet up ye I just gave Kenzie All her bridal shower gifts Why am I like this? Off for the weekend And today was payday, what? To do what to do Can someone get that? Dude outta the way can't see One of the brunettes I had a headache All night and only got one Good hour of sleep 'Bill gonna go See, black panther, so I can Understand the memes Everyone of yours Workers should have a panic Button, no excuse When you badly need To pull an all nighter, but You're a sleepy ass Is there a nearby? Update: We want to see the Stories as before What's it gonna take? To get dream team to tackle Monster Hunter World Why is everyone? Trying to call me can't a Bitch, be left alone Everyone's so keen To spread the gossip, give it A break would ya X? Promise me, you guys Won't forget about us when? You guys get bigger Y'all be settling With losers, I'll stay single Till I know my worth Let people do what? They wanna do so you'll see What they'd rather do I am going back Home tomorrow, I will miss Hungary so much Only a few more Hours and then it's the best Day of spring summer My heart is breaking For the anthem and salute Those who sacrifice My dumbass needs to Learn to loosen up and just Let the vibe be Rode Some dude is sitting In the library drinking A bottle of beer Can't wait until me And Zee, take our pictures For her half birthday Just gotta ride the Wave and baby, it'll be Alright, in the end A female told me Only real men eat ass welp I guess I'm a child If you going through He'll keep going, why would you? Wanna stop in hell? People take you as A joke until you show them They're the only joke Something about you? Keeps me holding even though I'm not supposed to I been so moody Recently, I just wanna get Left alone, sometimes Prepare yourself for Success, you have to see it Coming to get there Wake up creating And fall asleep creating Then do it again No matter what time I go to sleep, I always Wake up at this time I probably have The biggest Twitter crush on Kurt, huge big massive Let me finish this Song before somebody try To fuck my mood up Atlanta Jazz Fest This weekend fellas this is The perfect pre date Hello, who would like? To have a Disney movie Marathon with me I don't know any Answers though, is it alright? For me to cry here I'm getting tired Of everything shall I put? Myself to rest mode I wake up thinking About you then fall asleep Thinking about you? Cheating is the worst Thing you could ever do to Someone don't do it Jeffrey Dean Morgan Can have my babies we can Adopt Norman, too Y'all ever think a Lot about someone but don't Want to bother them? Harder than ever Already up there with my Albums of the Year Why is he always? On campaign mode, why did we? Do'to deserve him Today I noticed How much Larry looks up to? Me, I love that kid I swear Beckham is Pretending like my ribs are Money bars right now Same way you promised Plenty of women marriage When you were younger It's going to hurt A lot more when Sami and Kevin, break up, huh? Y'all ever wonder If lasting happiness is Just an illusion I wanna keep you At a distance, pull you close When it's convenient 'Cause it's really out Of my control, how you feel Is not my problem? Keep trying hold on And always always always Believe in yourself I really don't gaf About who wins as long as? The Patriots lose How many lab coats? Did you destroy while filming? The super slow show Cheers for the follow Back, Merry Christmas to you And your family I had to create A target for me to hit It ain't just pop up I wanna drop out Of college and I'm still a Senior in high school Is there any point? I'm going back to sleep for One more hour, no I have a feeling I just got that nickname too Bad day for us, Steves If this was higher Resolution, it would be A great wallpaper Lord Alex Baldwin Got arrested, I need to Find out what he did Really need to just Move somewhere nobody knows Me and start over A smoldering dusk In the forest wallowing A cool summer night Texasans need to win Just incase the dolphins come Up with the upset In pains, I sorrows I wanna be there for you As much as I could Pursually put my Headphones to avoid talking To certain people The person rowing The boat seldom has time to Rock it, Bill Copeland After last summer I feel like I've gotten so Lonely in a sense I'm not perfect but I promise you that I'll love You with all my heart Watching my man's page From that clown page, it gotta Stop it, gotta stop Lunch today will be My fourth consecutive meal Of eating tacos How is this any? Different from what, Connor? Attacking the bus Don't the media Tell us Jose wins things in His second season Happy turkey day To family and friends all Across the country Elaborate home, wow? Religion pays well, we know What Jesus would do? I don't wanna stop Just because you feel so good Inside of my love Everything seems in Order so far like shit might Just work out for me Exactly one year Since my surgery and I'm Better than ever Feeling sad today Gonna turn that shit around And be Sam today Gotta go to the Nursery store, buy some plants Beautify my yard Saw your performance On Thursday evening, it was Amazing, thank you I don't know even Who is the person getting? Married today, lol I'll introduce you To the life, champagne showers Money and power Three lies, I'm tired Of hearing, I promise I Love you, I'm sorry Today I managed To walk away from grabbing That Easter egg box Up for no reason And I'm not tired, that's what Really threw me off It goes either way Either you miss Wenger or You miss Wenger more Ban the religion Of peace, deport all Muslims Save our children My shoulders are too Big for jean jackets, I can't Do shit with them on Update: Gaston can Finally, see his brother I'm so glad for them Remember he would? Be so presidential once He was in office Time to finally Go home and relax for the First time in a week I wanna get bangs But everyone keeps telling Me not to do it I like Alfa think He'll be at a better club In the next few years There are very few Things that make me as happy As punk music does Know who really would? Like some of that fungus, Dong Right now, Ann Coulter I refuse to spend Money on a phone that costs More than my laptop Treat her better, boy If having her at your side's Something you enjoy Having to leave work Just to come back an hour Later, Kinda sucks If you listen real Close, you can hear the people In power shaking If Buffalo bills Fans cannot behave themselves Please leave my city The cicadas are Singing so loud I can hear Then inside my house Ordering bar stools? For my apartment next up At the Guillotine So when is Major? Gonna die, it's been too long Already just die How do you attract? These people and how did you? Get so powerful Monday morning and No hangover, I like this Very much indeed McCurley, you need To calm down, everything is Going to be fine I hear an airplane Passing over my head, I Wish I was on it People at work think I'm boring because I don't Drink or do drugs, lol I don't expect much For Valentine's Day cus it's Always been a dub I love myself is What I keep telling myself But that's just a lie These memories don't Mean anything to you and? Everything to me Other than Blue Ridge This has been a disaster Full football weekend Trying to think if I should eat chipotle or Make tacos later Snapchat is ugly As hell now, lol, I'm about To delete that shit How're you ever? Gonna know if you never Even try the script Honestly, have no (Deck) What I would do without My mom, by my side I'm so tired of Missing my boyfriend like it's So old, just come home We provide hearing Aid repair and replacement Contact us today Everytime I'm at Work I'm always tempted to Buy shit I don't need I was too afraid Do you want to have children? Tom is very wise I'm always bored and Have nothing to do, it's like A daily routine Better make your girl Happy or some other man Will you'll regret it? Pats, Eagles, it will Be and the whole country will Root for the Eagles The Browns are going To be a fun Madden team If they draft Barkley Somebody give me Something good to listen to I'm in a bad mood Man, this feeling is Incredible, I should turn You into a bride Team with Jared West Trey Ebert Derrick Rose Paul George and Kevin Love He will give beauty For ashes, tune in to for Your own biggest fan I think about it Every damn day, if there's A will, there's a way We're Owen Wilson And Vince Vaughn invited to The royal wedding I'm always here to Support you take my hand if You really need it Happy late birthday Carmen, it's been awhile since We had last chatted When I'm fully well I will tell my own story To inspire others I'm terrified of Loved you because I am Scared of losing you I love everything In the new update, except Ging ho on, Airborne I really am not Ready to see the coffin? Where Vince is lying? Do you fools listen? To music or do you skim? Through it Shawn Carter Every time, folks Gonna learn to make this shit Work for them, dammit Yup and even ask Who Elvis copied Oops did? I say that out loud Like, do we sublet? Our apartments and just Go to Washington I'm itching to hop On a plane to an island It's been forever Y'all really have to Stop talking about stuff, you Know nothing about I don't even talk To anyone though, lol, I'm Just saying, aha Roses are mountain Meadow orchids are purple Be sweet and so on Today would be the Perfect day to discreetly Remove your account It only goes up In the ice cream industry Catch me at the top Someone find me a Beautiful and damned vinyl Love you forever I wanna just watch Movies with my man tonight And drink hot cocoa I am constantly Attacked for my accent and I have had enough Add me on Snapchat I need people to talk to While I do homework For mentally, I'll People must feel compelled to See how regular If you look closely You'll see me sitting at the Table on the left They say it's written So I ain't tripping, I just Fall back in witness I'm working to buy My man, a gold chain matching Brave with it, too I'm so hungry can My mom feed me already I just wanna sleep Fun fact, my Facebook Name is Chuck Burry and I Can never change it Being brave is hard But you're doing a great job I'm so proud of you I honestly thought My internet was fucking Up, but I was wrong I noticed if I'm Not hitting people up first We don't talk at all They are able to Pay attention to up to One thing at a time Hi, Louis, I miss You please post a selfie or? Release your album I'm hurting so I'm Going to get in my car? And see what happens Harold, do you want? To be entangled in vines For the week again Fuck you anyway You make me wanna scream at? The top of my lungs I've had scar tissue Sticked in my head, the lyrics Are so powerful Returning to home After a month and half, but It feels like ages Me showing, maddy How good I am very strong And I love to fuck Even the strongest People become weak at one Point or another You never answered My question is the s or C silent in scent You'd make cupid aim Away a bow arrow could Take the pain away I just want tacos And Margaritas, is that? Too much to ask for I am seating here With my assignment half done And it's due today Honestly, I don't Know why I bother I make? A fool of myself Gotta hold that for Now, until we come up with A better design Me and Amber have Our baby names pick out We find out Tuesday This why ion like Being on Twitter, let me Remove this again I think I'm only Free in September, unless I free up some time I'm always talking In circles, I always think Until I can't sleep Michigan may run Away with this one, aggies Offense is frozen I just wanna be Cuddled up right now with my Boo and watch movies I have a headache And my stomach hurts, I don't Want to go to work? Losing your dog is The most fucking painful shit You would ever feel What's the purpose of? A lingerie party seems A little pointless I wish someone was Awaken to write with because I just want to write Hello world, oh, my I smell a long awaited Update mid April Lady Chiefs, let'a Close one, slip away tonight Against Scott Central You hurt different When u care about someone And they let u down First thing I'm going To write in the middle of My martyr complex Amen for the days That we're made for giving up On giving a damn Y'all ever wonder How much mascara has rolled? Behind your eyeballs How is tomorrow? The first day of Ramadan I'm not feeling it Went to sleep crying And I've woken up with A Puffy face, good times If you wanna go? That route don't be a little Bitch fucking, do it Talk about Auckland Congestion, even the plane Has nowhere to park? I have a feeling Andrew McCabe is going To be fired soon He's not resisting Hits cop, do not arrest him For assaulting you My friends are coming To visit me next month I'm So freaking happy It's only lunchtime And I'm already thinking About dinner time Perkins keeps asking Me to play twister, should I? Evict him or play Gotta do what's best For me, baby, that means I Gotta shake it off Happy birthday to My favorite skier, I hope You have a great one But I'm a dealer Of simple choices for me It's never too late It's easy to tell Who really with you once they? Ablecuate with you I really have to Stop thinking down on myself I'm really a gem Anyone got tips? On how to help wisdom teeth? Pain before a die I never want to See anything I don't feel So good meme again One of the weirdest Spentive plan less and Best day of the year I really need to Start loving myself instead Of judging myself Steak and potato No green bean casserole, no Turkey nicely done Guys, question, why do? US females have to ask to Get a booty rub Yah, Allah, you are The owner of Peace Grant Me Peace of mind, Amin Write a white collar Space opera in the style of A drunk in a pub Larry nance is just Better than Tristan Thompson It's very simple First of all, before I can render a judgement How hot was the girl? No one says Alpha Bear is the definition Of evil madness I'm ready to see How many Eagles players? Go to the White House Somebody told me The dumbest shit I ever Heard the other day Question of the of? The day do you seek Jesus? With expectant faith The world is waiting For you may all your dreaming Fill the empty sky No female should have To explain to a man how? She should be treated I'm squirting bullets Um, I mean sweating bullets I'm a naughty boy I just spilled coffee On my white ultra boost, I'm Gonna start crying Boy, I'm so ready For this semester to be Over like C'mon Need opinions here? Peeps a valentine gin glass Does it work for you? Hello, there, baby Girl, how are you enjoying? The English day, K Only been outside Once today, and that was to Get a bag of chips Do you have any? Plans on bringing back replay Hut for ultimate Paulie, so sorry For your loss, justice delayed Is justice denied? Good morning, I think Matt got rid of his mustache It's what we deserve If my account gets Went again for no reason I'm done with Twitter They'll say anything To demean him, don lemon Is a true scumbag? Taking my lunch break Now, when I return, it's time For some heavy rain I've written a joke About Elton John, it's A Little bit funny Honestly, I thought This guy had to be apart Of some inside joke Open the window To see one of my crushes From way way way back I need someone to Come see the new Halloween With me this weekend My hair is only Curly for one day and then It starts to deflate I believe you should Fix our shitty roads in This beautiful state Kind regards, I will Murdoch you in your sleep just Because you exist Owning a horse is The exact bloody reason? Why I hate people? My heart is going So fast, this Phil video Is stressing me out? What kind of question? Thread, do people want to see? Comment down below Busting my ass off To work all these hours for What I'm exhausted Alright, back to my Essay: What is Sleep I'd Cry? But I don't have time The outdoor rink at The arts and culture park is Closed for the season I doubt vodka is The answer for everything But it's worth a shot You never won't know What you can't achieve until You don't achieve it Somebody find me That video of New York Saying not you, please Just that one moment When you think everything is Going good and then? Wante cooked some? Banging food tonight, I love Their dinner invites There is no reason Not to draw your character With a collar on Everyone should have The freedom to move, stay and Stead Hillary Klein Who got that baby? Maker lyrics, skills, hip hop Artist and singer Winter is coming And I'm feeling an impulse Hair dye coming on Once you start moving In love, the universe will Aid you a word I'm sad and lonely Because everyone leaves me For better people It's because of him You're even breathing and you Don't even know it Experience is on Overdrive, I know you wish You was me banger The more I listen To heartbreak on a full moon The better it gets Let's see how many People tag me in this by The end of the year I've been wanting to Fix things between us, but you Probably don't care Removed a heart from Your phone is activated Reply, help to learn It even hurts to Open my mouth, so that's how My night is going People naming their Kid Caleb, you do know that's Hebrew for dog, right? Darth, I was hoping To enter your chambers, if You know what I mean? This is probably The worst a customer has Ever treated me? Toxic people swear Everyone else around them Are the toxic ones? Good morning, lovely People three more days and a Bitch is going home Thought I was gonna Avoid the Snapchat update But it just got me You really think I'm? About to let you out work Me think again, lol This kid's favorite Song really is plug walk in In awe at this point Warriors need to Get Denzel Valentino up! Off the bulls somehow He won't even show This tweet any love bet but? I miss my boo boo Said to the angels In the fire, sleepers rule Passion never ends If you annoy me When I'm faded, I can't be Around you, sober I really wish y'all Would chill with this video? It's old already Baby, come and look In my eyes, yeah, I know This feeling is right Your new Avi so Blessed to call you beautiful Angel, my best friend Feel like garbage and All I can think about is Kate Nash Foundations When entering your Text contests do letters have To be in all caps I want to listen To Christmas music with my [ heater on full blast] Any news of one? Last Robin update before The end of the month That's not a tackle Stop trying to just put a Harness into them Nova is smacking That ass so hard no foreplay No call afterwards Remember this, friends Come and go but family's Always there for u We should totally Make guns illegal, that worked Super well with drugs How many people? Can you personally fit? In a phone booth I got everything Ready to change my name and I still have nothing Feeling for pizza? But I've already eaten Fry for the day I just wanna walk Around downtown with people I enjoy right now People who take cat Nakeds don't usually sleep In a cat's cradle Over time, people Change, you gotta see it and Keep moving forward Finally took my Ass to the gym today and It felt amazing You deserve to lose If that's the bucket you give Up in a tie game That is already Taken care of hurry and Tell me where it went I'll get around to Posting my more recent stuff When I have the time I don't see nothin' By deception out here, let's Me mind my business There's a difference Between proper fancy or? Jeans and heels fancy Thank you for rally Cry, truly amazing thanks Boys, keep it rocking I'm gonna miss these Kids, hopefully they come back Home for the summer I ain't doing shit This weekend I don't even Wanna move my car? You'll encounter A Lot of unfairness in life Kid, get used to it I love music, my New favorite band is A Rocket to the moon My edges are so Cute and curly, I'm kinda Shaking the table? It's really fucking Hard for me to forget things That made me happy If they press charges All the evidence of the Affection is right here I respect those who Tells me the truth, no matter How painful it is? God really works in Mysterious ways, let's see How far it'll go? What colour is Kraft? Dinner I need answers, let's The battle begin My nights consist of Shitty nightmares, a bottle Of wine and no sleep Cheryl and Toni Are holding hands and running? I love them so much I have been looking For my job lately, cause I Ha no dream, maybe This is honestly So unfair, my heart is so Heavy, what the fuck? My friends are always Tell me that I'm shady But I don't think so Play a better song In your head and more people Will want to listen Aka guys who lie? About their rent, so they can Get money from you So lucky to get Amazing trainees, they all Have serious skills How to dominate? The female rap industry Her plans are working This essay is the Very last thing I want to Be doing right now I'm really thinking About cooking a nice ass Meat on Valentines How are they going? To pay their immigrant slaves That do their bidding Devil's day arrived Acid rain pours from the sky Tears return to soil Last night earlier Today have been nothing but Love, I love this shit I respect Donald So much as a performer He fully commits It's been almost a Week of me being sick I'm So over it, dude And the saddest thing About Sunday's is that the? Next day is Monday I'm not even gone Sit here and have a pity Party with myself Demmon's fighting back [ tears] I'm not gonna let an Ion, make me cry I promise you by The end of today, you will Have a broken nose Never forget it Was committed by a group Financing by the US Oh, my goodness, this Is the stupidest tweet I've? Ever come across? It's always the white Gays crying about the F Word, get over it I'm convinced I'm not Good enough, especially when I'm getting ignored I need some glasses For at night, really bad I Need to stop playing Honestly, I'm two Second from crying, I can't Even leave my house People will hype you Up no matter what as long As you're pretty, lol I was referring To the ones that were yelling But yes, you are right The people who don't Answer direct questions are The greatest I swear I would much rather Think he was dragging around A ball on a chain Still holding secrets? For people I'll never speak To again in life I'm offended, lol I mean, we are here minding Our own business Worrying is not Gonna change anything just Live in the moment Sure I'm passing the Exam this year, so I won't Need to retake it Everyone knows the Gays have the best tips ever Regardless, the app You know when people Tell themselves lies so often They believe it, lol Thank you for being The person who taught me to Love and to be loved I need spaghetti And garlic bread fed to me While I watch TV Glad I'm self aware Enough to call myself out For my own bullshit How about adding? A fucking delay for the People who get downed With only a month Left in this house, I'm hoping Tomorrow goes well I just fucking fell Sleeping in the bath, how the? Fuck, am I not dead? Yay to people who? Quit last minute, so I'm stuck Working a double I don't understand I had so much food today And I'm still hungry Molly, mol be the Murdoch, crime drama, you wish? To see in the world These folks are super Shady, cut it out, you hold No real position Why did the chicken? Cross the road because he had A cop on his tail Don't date someone if You ain't gonna show them off Period point blank This lady and man Fleeing at fry, Daddy and It's so disgusting Friday night, private Show only posting because Hootie might be there I love when people Talk shit about me, but don't Say it to my face I'm tired and can't Seem to stop shaking today I don't care for it April is such a Boasing and useless month, yoh? Can we skip it, please? Flat tire on the Day of my last final glad I caught it early Haguey Baldwin is Going to be famous just? For being a wife He shot that sideways While jumping away from the Basket, what the fuck? I told myself a Long time ago, I'd never Go out sad again Yo, I'm trying to Be okay, but I'm really Not fucking, okay? Single people act Happy, but we all know what You are going through The Oxford comma Can stay for the said, maybe Ten words today, bump New Zealand Twitter Neither like some guy I don't Really know his name Giveaways, I hope You'll be better after all The hate you received When you already? Don't have a following how Could I support you? Will you be changing? Your South African products From the sugar tax You deserve that love You keep trying to give out To everyone else Playing have yourself A merry little Christmas By Sinatra Frank When I think about The future I don't dream of A big house, fast car All I gotta say Is this year is gonna be? Fun, I'm on my shit I'm so fucking done Being nice, some people don't Merge my kindness Wow, no offense, but Rolling girl will always be An amazing song When seymour crashes Are you trying to kill me? Seymour, yes, mother I'm going to see Then the first time tomorrow So darn excited Nothing good ever Comes from too many people Knowing your business I'm covering the Press conference will have to Put in a good word I'm not perfect, just Accept me the way I am I was born this way I have done nothing But stay in and watch movies All day today, wow? Getting flowers is So nice, but I'm terrible At caring for them Good afternoon, babes Hope everyone has a great Day, stay beautiful I knew something was Suspicious, I felt it but I won't speak on it Me too, it's dreadful It's taken its toll on me But it won't beat me Do you ever just? Have a really good day like Man, my heart is full Yoon wanna see me? Cut a fool, you better watch What you say to me? Vacation is less Than a month away and God I can't wait to go I hate green pepper I won't forgive you if you Put it in my food Your eyes deceive you An illusion fools you all I move for the kill Wow, I really want A big, soft, floppy French fry In my mouth right now lol, some people be Really salty when they see A black engineer Your party needs to Examine why they support This destructive man Turns out he's going To be in the next chipmunks Movie or something? I'm setting goals and Setting a good example For my kids, no cap Sometimes I can be Thoughtful other times I can Be oh so careless Hate to disappoint You, dad and everyone I'm Going my own way I hold my whiskey Up high, kiss the bartender Twice I'm a loser I complain about Online dating, but sometimes I think I like this My header is an Old white dude getting mad at Me for defending I have a feeling I'm gonna have the best sleep Of my life tonight I'm so happy to Hear the ichiro news and I hope you are too You meet some people In life and everything takes A positive turn This week cannot go Fast enough I'm going to Be baking next week They either gonna Make you focus or take ya Focus, choose wisely They make TV shows About anything shit be So fake and stupid I'll always be there For you I'm just asking for The same in return Hey, if you're reading This follow me and love me It'll be worth it Hello, John, love your Wee quotes may u be richly Blessed in all u do Do u really want? To hurt me, do u really? Want to make me cry? I'm saying good bye To my freedom, she will be In everything now Valuing your time Means that you will not allow People to waste it I'm annoyed by the 'An amount of things I need to Get done by this week I just wanna see A good conference finals Game, this is crazy I really need to Stop being a dom, but I'm Too good at it, C Never take advice From someone with no job, no Money, no future Anywhere can be? Paradise so long as you Have the will to live Starting to really Get behind this hockey team How bout Rene Bourque? Good morning, have a Great day would appreciate A follow, thank you I'm at the Gucci Concert in downtown LA fuck With me as always Number one rule is No keys near the instrument Better learn it quick When you gotta show Up half hour before class To just get that seat I just wanted to See, Baker, do some cocky Shit after the win While waiting for the Time that we shall meet again The people we love Don't be looking at The scenery you should be Heading up the road? How did I become? A nature person like what? Is this who am I? Then the new heavens And earth begin back to the Text and entropy These lonely bitches Be jumping from Dick to Dick Just to get comfort Ted Kennedy has Killed more people than any Of the guns I own Bare cheeky when the Person who owes you money? Watch your stories What is the biggest? Come from behind victory In the post game show Nothing will stop you From getting where you really Wanna be nothing? I hate that feeling I get in my stomach when I get nostalgic So is she going? To sleep with him also this Is just crazy, Sies? When are you gonna? Stop obsessing over my Life and get your own I really have A [Stroller] And honestly it's Starting to scare me Just trying to be Truly happy with life and The person I am Looking forward to The only day I don't have To set an alarm Good morning, I have A feeling that I'm going To get lost today At this rate, Chelsea May not have anyone left To take penalties Be careful, please, I Don't know how to say filet Mignon in English He's not retiring He is getting ready to Run for president I'm seeing Billie Tonight and I don't know if I can handle it I loved that very Delightful Rhyming intro a Few minutes ago Never wanna leave Berlin again, but ugh have To leave on Friday I was just sitting Here and I thought to myself Wow, I am so gay Playing checkers with? Il, bro, he was trying to Help me, I still lost Update: I have stained The formal soft pants I flew Too close to the sun Advice to self, don't Be more loyal to people Than they are to you Can't force people to Fuck with you bro, it's either They do or they don't I really wish, Gatz Was healthy, I think he's such A great young talent I really need to Talk to my doctor about How little I sleep? I'm gonna work out And think about what the fuck? This comeback is bye I truly believe The law of attraction is Real, it has to be Good morning to my Last first day as a college Student, let's get it A lot can happen In one day, one single day Makes a difference Mum, I really don't Like men y'know me then why? Did you marry one? Two years ago, my Mom, let me for blowing out The elephant live That's it I'm calling It today is the day I'm Gonna stick someone He's busy today So she's not gonna drive him? Nos talking all day I'm freezing my ass Off, but don't wanna get up And turn the fan off Our lives are way Too good for you to ever Get one more tattoo Why does beauty sound? Like booty when they sang it My brain's corrupted Someone call me and Leave a voicemail so I can Make a interlude December needs to Hurry up, cause I'm very Ready for Kenya? You better not mess With him, it's not trying to Make up for something Jesse Perez, what? You say about my momma? Dirty short edit My mom just explained The process of ordering A sandwich to me You got plenty miles And baggage, but I can still Make you a savage I'm table turning But labels are saying that I'm way too urban I'm an orange moon Reflecting the light of the Sun, how good it is? Mass was beautiful The best love story is the Story of the Cross Poor polar bears, all That hate probably makes for A very tough meal Sometimes you have to Act like you don't care even Tho you really do? Dyson, thank you for The follow, I hope you have A great Saturday There's only one type Of person I hate and if You know me, you know? [Castic] Thank you so Much for making me happy I love you so much I've really warmed to Working life, oh how I'll miss 'Spacious once it's over Picture people as Dressed up infants as a way To judge character Being well rested Comps as much as studying My mom, who I love? I need a podcast To listen to at work, tell Me your favorites Read this another [Accuser] I don't believe What a sick woman My husband let me Lool in hobby lobby and I'm going home broke My biggest problem Is do you really love me? Like you claim you do Welp, it's Valentine's Day again and I think I'm Okay, for a change This probably just Means it's all going to the Disney Service, then I'll just leave Melo Open, don't even need to Defecate his wack ass I never thought that This pregnancy was gonna Be the death of me Let's get a couple More lane violations to Put this thing away This semester off Is going to be so good? For my mental health Very much me on The other hand, let's save that For another day I can take Dildos So big, it gives people hand Size envy instead This snapchat update Is so trash it makes wanna? Use it even less We can only move Forward, if we remember The sins of the past Ain't even going To trip, I know what's going On all that matters I was gonna type Vodo, but it changed to wine After I pressed space Is my body sore? From the trampoline park or From falling on ice I'm ugly and short So the only thing I got Is that I'm funny? I got my gender On backwards and I'm ready To fucking make deals Wonder, can I mix? This with another tea to Make it taste better I just wanted to Say, I love my iPhone X Such an awesome phone I can never speak Up to someone and tell them How I really feel Put chocolate milk in My book bag, I'm excited To drink it later Tourmaline is great No other gemstone has such A range of colors Waking up next to Someone you love everyday Is the simplest bliss? No doubt Lebron is The best player in the world End of discussion The amount I can't Deal with anything without Crying is a joke The judge was working On behalf of the police During the trial I'm always tired But never of you, gnash I Hate u, I love u I drive like asshole Not because I am one but Because I am scared Freddie, I missed who Is the Grand Marshall, can you? Tweet back who it is I fucking hate this Show not even gonna watch The last episode I'm trying really Hard to love myself enough To turn you away Once people ask me What's my zodiac sign, I? Lose a bit of faith How I'm suppose to? Stop spending money and they Keep making cute shit I'm ready to leave Everyone who I don't need In my life behind I'm trying my best To act normal, but somehow I still can't fake it I miss the moment We tease and laugh together Don't you miss it, too I can't believe y'all Old asses can work social Media this well Now, days when people Assume shit I don't even Care to correct them God bless Dr Hooker Thank you for your service to A grateful nation Christmas time has to Be one of the saddest times For me recently Sen Deb Fischer, R From Ne is celebrating A birthday today Yes, Tony, but it's The politicians who give The orders down there People don't forget I'll see each and every One of y'all again Getting ready to Dance myself clean tonight at The Hollywood Bowl They going try to Take me out before I can Even get started I'm not bragging that Guys are always right, but are Guys, always patience Dalton just told the Ravens, join us on the links No playoffs for you Yea, if someone can Thank and love me Right now is the time Should probably stop Drinking it, but I love the Taste of good coffee Mitch is gonna have The best time in Paris, I'm So happy for him Since you wanna block? My number you clearly don't Want your money back? So I left Facebook I guess I'm back here even Though I hate Twitter Getting to expand? My work in graphic design Makes me so happy I can't say hello To you and risk another Admittaylor Swift They already are Worried, what do you think all? Those reforms are for Women with brown eyes And freckles will always be Attractive to me Oh, shit, my brasil Jersey arrived, I'm ready For the World Cup now I bet sky, puppy Would've said otherwise if I had been a kid It's never easy To walk away, let her go It'll be alright Open up, Ka lang Basta, never give up we Are born to be strong Honestly, my life Is just falling apart and I don't give a shit If you follow us Today I'm really happy Can you follow me? An extra button On the shirt has been undone Summer is here, lads Because we are two Queer women and we goddamn Merge this, Brandon When you see someone? Using the gift you gave them In their daily life Building a home can Be really so expensive And time consuming This is the cutest Thing I've ever seen in my Whole entire life Based on precedent Win the conference's coach Of the Year Award All you gotta do Is just believe you can be Who you wanna be? Thank you for waiting Until I got off work to Release the album Black is his color Anyone else wearing it? Just take it off now Not working today Or tomorrow and don't know How to handle this? Thursday is the day Of the week, women are most Probably to have sex Lord, watch over my Employants but protect me From the ones I trust Then stop complaining And start getting in the film Twitter burger thread Bon voyage is all I can see thru my Twitter I know I'm broke, but Wow, I have never Been more jealous in my life I want that whole box Are mobile servers? Down got the email, but it Won't let me log in? Having a dog like? Buddy is all fun and games Until it's bath time After this, I lay This situation to rest I'm finally done I'm always one to Help when people need it, but Never get the same I'm pretty much A Full on adult, I just bought A couch ballin'out Fallas, is it gay? To get a splinter, Wood is Going inside you? I'm feeling like a Bad bitch today, but better Yet I look like one I'm sorry, did he? Listen to the words as they Came out of his mouth I had a werewolf Character once and I can't Remember his name? I want my future Boo to come to Santa Cruz With me, it's so nice So cute listening To my lil cousin, call me Her older sister I cry myself to Sleep not because of love, but Because of pimples Gonna take a nap Before it's time for me to Get ready for work Take it, it's enough To retrieve the disc from him It should be enough It's moving season Again, if it's one thing, I Hate, I hate moving If you're not going To match my energy, don't Even come my way Bruno Mars is so Sexy, I'd risk it all for That lil keebler elf This city's sleeping Like a wrecker trapped inside Of a giant whale Laying edges is A fucking art no one can Tell me different I completed one Assignment, so I feel A Lot better now, lol England really do Need to sack Southgate before The euros begin Life is like Ninja With a shotgun, fuck shit up And be successful Coming face to face With one's own mortality Can have that effect Are other pressures? Like the many people that Unbelief your head Thank God Eric is Always at the arc, lol, he? Is the arc icon? The only good thing About me being stressed is I don't eat as much Trying to tell me That I'm just like the others But I ain't all bad I'm grumpy now, cause My rude ass math teacher woke Me up from my nap So washing my hair? 'Everything is bad, wow my Whole life is a lie Maybe it'll work Maybe it won't either way I ain't risking it I can clearly see Da sunshine, but I'm steady Walking thru da rain Whoever drew that? Ref circle was sloppy how Dare this be posted? You will always be The number one source of my Happiness, thank you Setting my alarm For a Saturday saddens Me, it's been a while Money is worthless Unless some people have it And others do not But I'm here crying Because I'm so tired and I have to work soon My mom is always On some Facebook drama, why? Are parents like this? Fraser, you work with The ball boys, surely you can Get him a ticket No one is going To care about your startup Other than your mom Tomorrow I have A pelvic exam which should Be slightly more fun Kinda want to wake Up andy, but he hates it When I wake him up Run from the shadows Or relax in the shade which Road, u gonna choose Can somebody come? Drive me around, I need to Make a couple runs Not even ashamed That I know every word To this whole movie We know that certain Things are added to the range Of similar noise This is the truest Survivor statement to come Out of the ordeal I'm done arguing And convincing people get With it or get lost I'm a be honest I never know how to spell The word medicine I honestly can't Wait to see Oscar again I miss him so much Right, meadow, know now L blocked her yesterday, no Need to suffer fools Okay, but why did? I come to band instead of Going home to nap? My dreams be making Me wanna wake up and fight Cameron, I swear Mac Miller dying Is so upsetting I can't? Even believe it I would've loved to Know what Nick Mallett had to? Say about post game Of course the weekend I decide to go back to Dallas, it's raining Time to start digging Who's picking up the final? Year of the contract Wanna go to the? Movies this weekend, Lemme See what's coming out I'm getting my nails Don't Friday, but I don't know What colors to get? Why is everyone? Messaging me, it's summer Break, leave me alone Someone somewhere has A picture of you saved, Coz You are attractive Let's all be honest Here mornings would be a lot Better with some head I hate to argue 'Cause I'm drastic and evil As fuck when I'm mad She's just not going To make any comment and? Instead, sip her drink People are enraged As I am, this not going To just blow over Russian roulette is One of many, really good Songs by Red Velvet Guess I'm getting A New phone today so much for No spending for lent People act like it's A problem because I don't Want to be bothered? Well, boys under the Circumstances I'll take that Probably you will, too Will someone explain? Why there is a pro Russian? In our Congress This is going to End with Michael crying and I am here for it Pink is calling me Name and I kept trying my Best to hit, ignore We say goodbye, see? You around turn our backs Then turn back around I'm about to start Plumping my eyebrows instead Of getting them waxed My new baby name Is Taylor she looked so good? I had to take her lol, Mandy is here Today, too, if you figure It out, let us know Because you have A Pursue, even if ya don't Know what it is yet? This semester was Just a quick trial run catch Me next semester Na, no one really Finds my Twitter unless I Tell them about it Bernie wants to be Trump, he's the great divider Financing by Russia It's quite amusing Seeing the rockets struggle? So badly this year No, it's because I Knows he's a different race And I respect that Godfather, it's time To Metropolis, well what? I said it with me I really have four Tests tomorrow, it's about Time I off myself Wow, I'm really here Crying over this thread, I Love Aja so much I really need to Be setting an alarm so I can get to church Gonna take more time Than I thought, but it'll be Worth it in the end I want to travel The fucking world, that is all I want in this life Of course Europe is For the Iran deal they are Profiting from it It's not about how Many problems you have, it's How you handle it? It's gonna be a Long week if it's Monday and I'm drinking whiskey Always have some hope And things usually work Out in your favor I missed National Pizza Day yesterday, I'm Sad, what do I do? Homer is driving Drunk and has collided with A man scientist Some parents need to Control their kids, especially Them nosy ass ones Either way, Bruno Mars is still talented and You can't deny that Nastles are sea green Violets are gold sugar Is sweet and so on The lady who had The socially awkward bird From Rio is cute Whew all this without? An album, drop this year, my Bitch is powerful Well, lunch just ended Let's see how many folks got High during lunchtime Another day and Another last shooting, swear This shit gotta stop French, I already Send the email, but I could Send another one The best hangouts are Spontaneously and with the Most random people And to you, Stuart Hopefully our paths will Cross in the new year There is always A Time for everything, if you Like to find the time I am writing in Scott Kerwin, June Kirksey and The late Great Dorris I hate waking up In the middle of the night With tons on my mind Imagine all the Serial killers who don't Confirm to this stuff I'm tighter than the Lugue, I'm hot like sub zero Mr Shoot'em down A still fall morning Patiently, twilight comes down In the wood chirping I had two slices Of pizza and half a sub I regret nothing It is better to Use the invisible socks For the shorts, Roger How old is Holland? Either way, I'm ready to Love and support him Nicki got some nerve Calling herself Chun li and Refusering to fight Let's jump into A Listen in with a French team Ahh, yes, very nice You are amazing So talented, please, can I? Have a follow back Can someone tell me? When the basketball game is Gonna end around If you truly love Someone all you want is for Then to be happy I have fallen in Absolute freaking love with The color yellow Royal wedding in The morning preakness in the Afternoon, cool day Well, living alone This time will be going to Be an adventure Can finally shop For my baby today, have Been so amazing That feeling when you Want to cry, but you're trying To hold it all back You have to answer The question I ask him or Was it I axe him? Some people, really Wanna see me turn into? Toxic again, huh? I have a fighting Spirit, I'm always always Ready to defend Who allowed her to? Be pretty like that, fuck, I Love being poly Anyone down for? A beach house, ocean side in Cal this summer I need something new For my nose I'm tired of This ugly ass hoop Dammit, you guys are Both so fast and clever I Forget who made what? I never thought I'd Say this, but I'm ready to Be back in Georgia Ion like that dream I woke up from this morning I don't not like him I've never seen such Crowds at Wal Mart already Spending that money? That hug almost felt So real thank you for being Proud of me, Nana People better stop mentioning me before they Kid, be an orphan My little one kicked Today and it was the first Time I almost cried Guess who managed to? Snatch Arctic monkeys tickets S's this bitch did My ears are burning I wondered who's discussing Shit that involves me What a huge number Of followers you have, I Wish to be like you Staying in the house? And making brownies like the Purpose man, I am I was dreaming when I wrote this so forgive me If it goes, Astray I'm taking some time Away from Twitch, I'll be back Tho keep my seat warm It's amazing how Something so positive could Turn so negative Toward the fish, ease Up on the reeling whoa the? Line's going to rest And the very best To you for the coming year Onwards and upwards I have the strongest Deading for a donut and A very large beer I'm assuming she Was beaten shortly after This film was taken My kids are fighting Over a book, not food, not A toy, but a book I'd do anything To watch West Virginia and Texas play again I just want someone To look tiny next to us That too much to ask So obsessed need to Quit school, so I can afford A concert ticket I gotta get her A detail and some tint and Hub caps for tires My mom is happy For me, I repeat my mom Is happy for me Why do always get? My period on Christmas Does Jesus hate me? Rapper's say, yeah, more Than any other artists In other genres Issue with link in The voigt story means I have To post it again Today, a good day For me, Bae both got hired And we start Monday My sister snoring And taking up all the air The room is so dry I'm just going to Say it, I really really Want to win this game? Texas treated me A little too well and I Don't wanna leave, lol Starting to see what? Everyone was warning me About months ago If I snapchat you My singing videos just Know you're so lucky Doing math is less Frustrating than dealing with Strong co workers The best compliment That I've received so far you Have a neutral face So that's pretty much I I just want to explain All that to you guys I keep dying, my Hair like if it's going to Erase my problems The nuggets seem to Let teams hang around or come Back far too often Surely the goodness And mercy shall follow all The days of my life Still amazed at how? Fast God delivers but still All on his timing I do miss twilight Edward Bella and Jake Where Are you guys for real? Chloe and Hall are So beautiful, lol felt like I grew up with them Somebody show me Something different this shit Here is getting old No sparkly outfit Yet, but we just donated Happy new year, all Come be the fire Inside of me, come be the Flame upon my heart I suppose I'll just Get more radical, said No Old Biddie, ever? Got lots of streamers Who do design on the side? Who need a gig, y'all? Really wanna go Up to Flagstaff for a few Days and just exist I get called pretty Without makeup, trust me, hun We are not the same Went to the local Zoo today felt like I was At my local school My friend, the female Dragon spoke with a soft tone A dragon can talk I can't believe how Many people have died and How little we've done? Shit, be sounding good But I don't believe shit till I see for myself I don't understand What are they talking about? But I keep laughing I want leisure, but Our schedules for this week Is fully loaded Wisdom teeth removed And now I am no longer Wise as I once was I can't wait until My other contest in May Gotta draw'em all I really need to Watch Harry Potter, it's sad I've never seen them My friend is learning About Chinese right now and I'm jealous of that I want hand tattoos So bad might get some after The summer who knows? I just remembered Something Evelyn told me I can't stop laughing She's an open book With pages glued together To hide her secrets Let Mariah fight Her own battles for once in Her pathetic life Tweet accurate, but You had never left the room You just rolled over Can the snow extinct? Like the dinosaurs, I'm so Over it, snowing Vote to re elect Comrade Putin this week or You go to Gulag? It's crazy you can Give so much to someone and They just never care My roommate woke up The house with R B music I'm not even mad Even to this day I've never listened to N O'all the way through I'm getting waxed at A brand new place today and I'm pretty nervous I never believed And trusted in God so much As I do right now So, really, if you Think about it, but not too Hard, this is on him Nice tame, Impala T shirt, Mike favorite concert For the three of ya My phone is tripping Ugh, I'm tired of iPhones There over rated Today's the last day Of my apprenticeship time Really flies by fast Prefer not hearing Anything from him at all? To be honest, lol London, my focus Is more on your ass, baby? Damn, u turn me on My mother feed me I went smack out yesterday No, ifs ands or buts People tend to sleep On things they really need to Be watching out for I ate McDonald's And now my stomach hates me So much to do though How I was going? To say check, Rite Aid, sorry I had a brain fart I'm basically not Sleeping til Thursday night, I Have so much to do Good morning, I have Shine blasting by Pentagon I love them so much If you're going to Be successful, you have to Be willing to change Damn the quality I really love eyes they have A lot of volume Either we suck or That was just one of our Annual bad games Tea, but basically Same, I also hurt myself While peeling eggs, so Dropped my cellular Device in the tub, so I Put it in the fridge Thought I got away With the Snapchat update, Nope It sucks sort it out Laker games are fun To watch regardless of where They are in standings Again, the fresno Bee said that flavor of love Was being cancelled I can't believe I Put on eye makeup for this A dating memoir Colomb, your meme is Better than my meme lol I'm Dying over here? I am not fucking Wit a gold digger, eat my Dick up for some food Are they finally? Gonna release a brand new Better alarm clock Just wanna know why Bitches feel the need to talk About me like that I hate everyone Except people I don't hate You lucky bastards I swear old people The funniest man I can Be round them all day I'm just over here On the East Coast, existing Not bitter at all There's a very faint Smell of flowers in the air And I'm about it Coca Cola would Be green if coloring were Not added to it A woman know when? A man looks into her eyes And sees someone else Figuring out what? Classes to take is always A process, lol, ahh I'm just trying to Get all the money all the Over time I can Why do babies and? Little kids love when you say They got stinky feet I think I'm gonna Go get crawfish when I leave The doctor later Got my first tattoo Today and I must say I'm Ready for the next Why do people call? You'and expect you want to Talk about nothing I think about you Too, I mean, I masturbate About you a lot Walking all day with My mind on fire I can't Stop thinking of you There's really people Out here thinking the Dodgers Gonna win this year I've been inactive Yes, I'll spam you tomorrow People on the list You look very nice This morning, Merry Christmas And happy new year Except that I don't Play enough and I'm thankful Just to get to play Who's more important? To the Rams, it's a debate In a group message Ugly charged me when They canceled my trip I'm on Fire this morning I really need you I really need your love, right? Now I'm fading fast Can u believe Chris? Nolan changed the meaning of The word inception I'm gone, start praying More God is a living god I nearly lost faith Happy birthday, hoe! You're old and a year closer To dying, congrats I'm looking forward To tomorrow, just because Of Champions League Just learning how to Use Twitter, how do you send? A private message Will Poulter is so? Underrated, y'all need to Stop sleeping on him He got me pregnant So that means he must really Really likes me, lol Trying to fix this Driver issue should be live In a few minutes I have this sexy Aquire with a skirt might Post the attire Honestly, is such? A beautiful soul I love Her a lot a lot One play outta the Way now it's looking more like A productive day Blue Ivy Carter Is the best rapper in South? Africa right now Is the best shooter? In college basketball, stop Playing with my mans Ion smoke til two O'clock everyday, it was Stopping my workouts Finding someone new To follow that expands your Thinking is the best I really love wigs My lil collection bout to Get outta control Staring at my hands Bald light on the wall our Hands are too alike One day I'm gonna Be like babe I'm expecting And see what happens Finishing up my Sleeve ideas now to put Em all together Because I saw her Today I saw her face it Was the face I loved? I cherish the days Where I can relax, but I Do love my money Happy Mother's Day My love anything you want It's yours, I love you So much sorrow in This world yet we decide to Hurry one another Time is going by So fast and I'm having a Hard time keeping up Prayers for my nephew Are needed, he is in the Hospital right now I'm so happy it's Monday rid me off this sore Tooth, Mr dentist Be with someone who Makes you better, not someone Who makes you bitter? Sorry, but he is Also sucking his thumb can't Predict the future When everyone thinks I'm thanking them, but no, I'm Thanking letter U Weeping may endure For the night, but joy surely Comes in the morning Fuck, I'm gonna do With material things when The world is ending Don't let anyone Take you back to a level You leveled up from Hey, everyone, let's Not forget that this snapchat Update is still shit Ya'll, I was sleeping On something nobody is Supposed to sleep on? It's different when You know, it's real happening To a real person I think my boyfriend May love going to the gym More than he loves me There are only three Reasons to have a meltdown? This is one of them There is so many Pretty people, but falling In love is so hard Wanna hear a joke? Mike, who cheese Harry say it? Until you get it Not saying that was Right in any way, but let's Tell it how it is I wanna hug tae So tight until my love melts Away all his pain For the fucking last Time I'm not pregnant, I just Have a fat tummy I gotta find out What makes me happy, all I? Know is, it's not this You gotta put some Oil on them shoulders, I know They kinda rusty Black Mirror, not that Bad, some episodes are just Better than others Just think about what? You're doing and how it makes Other people feel Writers are what they Write also what they fail to Write Diane Trilling Someone please get me The Spider Man game I will Owe my life to you I really want some Green chicken, I wish I knew How to make that shit? Like my mentor said Stop trying to reform shit Abletion that shit I don't have any Pimples on my face right now And I'm loving it Will is snoring so Loud, how is my teacher not? Stopping this lecture How are you doing? It seems like forever since You gave us updates Thank you Jesus, but God won't allow him to live Like this forever My brother started Doing this weird laugh and it? Really freaks me out Rip because I don't Have rice for my curry, but I'm still hungry, lol I keep wanting to Buy makeup, but I barely Wear the shit I have Could eat broccoli? Soup all day, every day Love broccoli, me You ever had to? Compose yourself to respond To a work email I can't wait until I have time to draw again I want to improve I honestly feel Like everyone sees me like What my sister said Put my pride aside But as a man, I'll never Hide my true feelings The age old question Is it bo or is someone? Eating Jimmy John's? Sorry for falling The way I do about you I guess I was wrong Are you guys really? Gonna listen to someone Who uses day mode? There's always a big Difference between I miss You and I love you Remain humble, but Ever once in a while, you Gotta let'em know No one bother me I'm gonna watch coco for The first time ever People that like good Red wine and Harry Potter Are my favorites? There will always be A person who will hate you For just being you I always try to Help people, but it often Backfires on me Kayla, want me to? Go with ha toma, cause she? Don't like somebody Today was a great Day, thank you for everyone That supported me Photoshop and I Are a lot alike, we both Like to wear layers Bald adjective A Bald person has little or No hair on their head The further I try To distance myself from you The closer I get One always sees A Funny side to death until It happens to you Stand up to yourself Then only you'll be able To stand up to them I could've been a Better person if I made The right decisions Everyone at work Knowing ur name, but you don't Know anyone's name? Gordon, if I ask Like a gentleman, can I? Hold you and kiss you I just wanna lay Next to U and listen to The beat of ur heart Putting in a half Position on the short side Looks very weak, spy I truly feel so Sad for those people who are Anxious to dogs Would it be tacky? If a rehab place offered Rock bottom prices I'm willing to bet That Obama has laughed at A meme at least once Can someone explain? To me why everyone loves To hate n so much My luck recently Is horrendous you could not Make this nonsense up I remember when He was just born, they really Do grow up so fast Odds on Lebron James Scoring a triple double Tonight vs Knicks I'm not somebody U wanna lose, I promise U that good morning U call it missing Lectures, I call it saving Energy and time I'm always prepared For someone to change an to Turn their back on me Is college gonna? Eat me alive, find out next Week on my life, sucks This bill's defensive I mean, Eagles defensive Is looking real good? I don't understand Why people lie to me, I? Find everything out Features to auto Block everyone with prefered Pronouns in bio A bullet in the Head is going viral bye Logging the hell off I think my headache Has turned into a migraine Ugh, I feel so ill Always nice to get A rejection the day of A job interview I'm just saying how Can I play iPhone games with? A green bubble dude Max being with me Only means we're going to Get into more shit Anyways, we're not Allowed to cuss so I'll see Y'all on myspace then Murdoch, where are you? Me murder, hump me, fuck me Me under the bed Oooh, no waitin'time To go the pressure's gonna Blow oooh, go higher I don't understand How I'm always tired, but All I do is sleep In desperate need of A holiday can't deal with This cold anymore Hopping fed ex don't Come pick up this package, so I can leave early Make somebody smile Today it might be just what The doctor ordered Two weak goals, aloud By Freddy like, come on, man Make the basic saves Why did the spider? Run towards me, I had to Stomp it out, sorry Can people pronounce? Your name correctly without You correct them? I'm not with any Kind of drama, if you are Stay away from me I'm trying to be Kind to people, always but They always test me Okay, well, it is That photo was taken in A mirror, my dude My brain is bleeding From having to explain what? Blead is to clients I really just went From hating peanut butter To worshipping it I'm having ribs and Corn muffins for dinner want? To join me, Julia Well, tonight was A Perfect way to turn around A real shitty week Smart answer, but to Bad, I already knew that But thanks anyway I just declined an Invitation from a zine Did I do it right? You acting funny? All of a sudden, well, bitch Just say youn love me Sitting miles away From Nick Robinson because He's Nick Robinson My parents called me To go day drinking with them And I'm stuck at work What are you talking? About I've never infringed On your basic rights Really, really good Morning hope you dumbass have A great fucking day I swear I'm annoyed Why must everything I want? Be special ordered Baby, when it's us? You make me forget that I'm Not ready for love I honestly don't Know why people be hating? I be showing love I miss my brother So much everyday, I wish Eddie was still here They already have Everything like that posted For next year as well Some of the smartest People I know are really Big dumb idiots Am most newborns look Like miniature old men But that's a cute kid The feeling you get When you lay down after A Long productive day How does someone go? Three weeks without showering Or bathing by choice I'm so ready to Just start over, I really Just feel so hopeful I'm gonna try one Of those Halloween Twitter Hands for a bit I'm listening to Music because I don't want To listen to you Do you have any? Pumpkin flavored beers, lady Get away from me Once Bella gets the Cups, Liza starts adding the Hot chocolate powder You should be writing Like an advertising in Love with a server Often we try to Fight fire with fire, I Rather use Jesus When will Irene stop? Wearing extensions I want To see her short hair Hey, we are going To Toronto this weekend What is a must see? Really can't take A Good selfie and I don't know Why guess I'm ugly? Dear future Bae, I Already love you, you've just Got to come claim it Bubble gum bubble Gumm in a dish, how many? Pieces do you wish? I'm now sitting here Reading my own replies, nad [Laughing At myself] I would probably Kill my dog for Harry Styles What Lydia, what? It's an extra large Coffee, extra cream, extra Sugar Tuesday, folks Open this tweet for A secret message you are Amazing and loved I really hate when Staff talk to my residents About their schedules My dog fell asleep In my lap and I'm gonna Cry, he's so precious For perspective, who? Are you addressing the tweet? To people from Mars My other debt card Needs to get here already I need to buy things Had my heart broken Way too many times to have It broken again My baby won't go To sleep, I'm about to give Her'a lil some some You never know what? All I did even up till Now, in a true sense No one's is going To make me happy, I have To do it myself No deep meanings, just I feel offended and feel Like I'm being used Happy Mother's Day To all the awesome moms and Bonus Mom's today It'd be nice if PM could leave work early It's too fucking slow I think I'm starting To develop cheek bones and I'm living for it Can the weather be? A little cold, so I can Wear my new outfit May be I'm hurting Myself for nothing this way May be that's enough Ready to get home And indulge in a glass of Wine and a hot bath Have a brilliant show Tomorrow night, dude say hi To Mike P for me She fears to commit To others hoping one day You will come around No one understands How completely over it? I am just so done Has my account been? Taken, I did the how much Is my Twitter worth? Sometimes I get so Tired I just hold my breathe Till I stop breathing I should study, but End up playing the scrabble Again and again Gotta find something To keep me occupied, to Keep my mind off, shit If you come into A store after closing, please Eat a fucking dick Now the story comes Together he's an actress He like actresses I can't get over How much I love Tyler and Josh, I'm not okay I need to accept The fact that maybe we're not Meaned for each other On way to canal We're gonna skate to one song And one song only I just wanna crawl In and get warm and cozy On his fuzzy chest Oh damn Detroit has A release date, and it's just Before my birthday Never was a fan Of the Apple watch, but now I really want one I sneezed directly In my phone and face, id? Still recognized me Does Shawn even know? The amount of stress he is Giving us right now No point in having A beautiful face if you've Got nothing to say First witch, my beauty Is timeless second witch yes? It could stop a clock Watching my grandpa Open his Christmas presents Is the cutest thing? It's too early in The year for this degree to Try and take my life I need to fucking Get ready to school after This I can't fuck me He's losing his mind I agree he's starting to Sound like Pelosi Are you guys ready? For the L shutdown, watch this Happens the first day You can't be ugly And a bad texter you have To choose a struggle Please stay away from Shawn, tonight I don't wanna Cry anymore, thanks Sometimes I just sit And think like damn, I really Joined the army, lol Being with Dev is One of the most amazing Feelings in the world If yesterday was Looking decent today is An absolute rat I catch feelings so Fast, my emotions could win The Olympic gold This is our right As the voters to know what? Is going on here? Yea, my next wallet Gotta have a chain, cause I Keep losing my shit Take me in tonight I'll be gone by morning when We are both sober I'm not a sadist Or anything, it's just sad I'm going to hell I need people that Make me forget why I was Having a bad day I need this apple Sauce and banana to last Me until lunch time Adele said she set Fire to the rain, I think About that a lot Someone's saying the N word in our group chat It's bothering me I took a shower Then ran some bath water and Been here ever since I'm sorry, but no One buys your explanation Re global warming Randy Bachman and Or his band's Juda's priest, Big Mama Thornton, styx Damn, I forgot ghost That dude definitely was A demon back then This weekend's mantra Engage your core, engage your Core, engage your core It's so exhausting Having friends who constantly Choose guys over you Nissans are the worst Cars, I wish I would've got A chevy or jeep Never seen someone Many people give a fuck About a wedding? Somebody suck my Dick, so I can remember Where I put my keys? Could anyone hook? Me up with someone I need A reason to live I want Chef Gordon To tell me my pussy is Raw and hideous It sounds stupid, but It is an art most people Can't do it right I know everything If I don't, I figure it Out very quickly Gonna have to teach Me how to love you again God knows I'm trying My house is empty Now I'm about to get weird On all of you, lol I'm getting sleepy Because every damn thing Is funny right now? Wait, when do tickets? For Newark, go on, sale does Anyone know yet? Another thing, I Likely about this is us Toby is not real One of my students Is in the hospital and? My heart is broken Copying style is Actual theft now, I say We should do it more Just how your fucking German Shepherd protects you Our dogs will, too I'm telling Regan How to make a puppet and? They can't handle it I'll really take the Streets everywhere if I could I hate the freeway I wanted to move Out, but then I decided I want a new car Recently, if I eat Oily and greasy food, I Feel like to vomit I don't repeat the Same things over and over I'm just haunting you Nothing says you're a Pretty big boy like Cumming Go together well Dam, I'm sexy as Fuck, I ain't gotta do shit Women come to me OK, but like when Is all of this finally? Gonna be worth it Famous people do Not need fan's approval on Who they are dating? Okay, the tea is That puzzle is better than Love Cherry Motion I feel so nervous As to who I'm gonna see? At the gym later I'd do some crazy Shit to never have to sit In traffic again I want to complete The Love Your Series So I can die in peace Really want my dog To not be sick anymore For her sake and mine I think I wanna Get another nose piercing On the other side Never believed it I can understand that, but Trust me, you are cute Somebody teach me How to do my makeup so? I can be pretty Dammit Kevin quit Picking your belly button? You are in public Twitter has enticed Me once more, I feel funny Again, so beware belong, that is a Very sexist way to talk About these bitches I'll have this icon For three minutes before I Change back to Jennie Hey, I'm a boudoir [Master] And I would Love to work with you I was just thinking Long and hard about this, but I'm too attached now Fuck, sorry that I Don't want or crave attention Sorry, it scares me So much for thinking Allison was starting to Sleep better at night People who say I'm Over here, by the milk are People you can't trust Can't believe, he said That wow and I trusted him Fully let down What do we gotta? Worry about when we got Business to handle Got all these bitches Stressing me and I need you Right here next to me I just wanna have A nice girl's night before I Have an abortion A lot of pressure On myself, so you know I'm Making a diamond? I love handbags such A weakness and novelty Handbags, forget it After laughter is Making me cry today, it's Just that kinda day Coming for Rami Of all people get a job Stay away from her Planning my month in Advance, save money, but pay Bills, see how we go If it comes between My relationship with God Then I don't want it Just another man Who's expressing his feelings? A little too late This weather is so Dangerous, it makes fall in Love with everyone New warming centres To open Thursday night as Extreme cold sets in I always have time When it comes to the people That I care about It's that time again Allow your shoulders to drop Let your jaw loosen Em Miller has the Video that will roast me Forever that bitch I seen the vivid Pictures in my head at night It left me in tears Jared just tried to Convince me that home depot Has the best hot dogs? What's the chances the? Cardinals try to get bowles Away from the jets I'm sorry if you Voted for this fucking prick We cannot be friends Peregrine on the South side of the tower, right? Now, if you're about I am putting my Money on normal people By Sally Rooney Good morning, I have Paid money to a wrong till Number, kindly help It's uncalled for Why electricians owes more? Than football players The people that are Supposed to fix my wifi? Won't come til Monday? Gotta figure out What to put in my baby? Hair to make it grow Once you've accepted Your flaws no one can ever Use them against you Oh, my fucking god Nova is still trash can in A dumpster fire A godly man knows He's equal in value, but Different in role Good afternoon, Queen When are you going to do? Heroine part switch Very sick, please send Animal memes to make me Feel better, thank you President Trump will Flatten, Mr Pancake Man Once again, Yuk Yuk Why does everyone? Assume I have a boyfriend I'm lonely as shit I'm about to watch Stranger things again because I really miss them Never leaving long Island again, unless it's On a private jet Sucks, why you trying? Your hardest and people don't Think it's enough, lol I should be able To use my bereavement pay To mourn Jack Peloson Goddamn, look at the Sky tonight we're really out Here, alive and shit Thanks for the follow Jason, I hope you have a Very fine Wednesday Well done, Moldova These fucking idiots need To learn the hard way I just really want Some delicious and extra Crispy, fried chicken Fuck sake, Everton I'm supposed to be in A Bad mood with you, X Sometimes having a Barber as a partner is A pain in the ass Are you a pizza? Deliver because you have A pizza, my heart I never want to Make tamales again this Is too much work, dude? Ugh, I'm so annoyed Spacey ruined house of cards What a sad ending Doing a quick job Search and then relaxing for The rest of the night Anyone else make? Conversation with their pets Or is it just me? Waking up in the Middle of the night for A Cold glass of water When you find letters? That your exes wrote you I'm Over here, dying All my coworkers Know my boyfriend now and I Think it's kinda cute Convinced I won't b Enable to think straight till I Put a new song out Is not it selfish? Let's decide the time to talk So please contact me Uncle Seyi, what's? Going on, you're not always Seeing my own tweet [Fah] How can I? Get an autographed picture For my son's birthday Jesus, this fallout Video really starts to Lose it at the end Why does Elsa look? More responsible than Dell Does I have to laugh? Just want to cuddle And watch the office, is that? Too much to ask for Does anyone else? Find it so hard to figure Out their feelings or Everytime I pop Off on my momma, she think I wanna fight her Exactly, I would Never dream of going to A e with the flu I don't wanna be Here at work, lol, I wanna Be back in my bed The older I get The more anti social I Feel Lord help me, lol Clayton, how about? A walking festival did You think of that one? You are so pretty I can't stop staring at my Home screen wallpaper I feel like today Is gonna be a great day? For some odd reason Also, this is the First time I've ever drank in A bar by myself Just a reminder My birthday is exactly One month from today You get on Twitter? 'Everyone type my name stroll Through my shit for what? I think I'm going To start a record label Who wants to join me? I know your doing This to protect you, but let Me help you help you Okay, y'all well guess Who's driving to Houston in? July me, bitches I'm nearly finished Uni and I still don't know What I wanna do? Nevermind fixed it If everything else fails, just Use Caveman method Foggy, will you be? Doing any tour dates in? Or near the Midlands The older I get The more free spirited I Becoming I love it Missing goalie pads? Custom one of a kind set White, yellow and blue No money, just time To spend a old chevy and A couple of friends Self care is filling The sink up with water and Sticking your head in Everton goal where? Did that come from Liverpool? All over them then Can your body go? In shock because of stress Asking for a friend Look, a master is Not something you can be just Because you want to The Sterling Stanton Call is getting way too much Discussion, who cares? I forgot that I Got blue hair dye all over My white Halsey shirt I always have to Send stuff I order online Back, it never fails OK, James Charles is Really getting on my tits Now, can u shut up? I'm trying my best And if it's still not enough For you, u can go Oh, God, that pigeon Picture: Why did you have to? Remind me of it Good morning, guys, I Hope everyone has a bless Day happy Friday Total crap, if you Have a weiner, your a dude Dressed like a woman Keown can't believe What he is hearing this is A difficult watch It takes talent to Trip over a cordless phone That's all I'm saying All I post about Is film and TV surprised? Y'all still follow me I got this powdered Water now, I don't know what To add Steven Wright Need somebody to Talk to who's actually? Going to text back? I feel like raven Symon and I just had a Bad vision, love that Gonna te reed Paul Davis, sprinkle no changes Good group, carry on I'm going to be Worrying in it soon enough Hope springs eternal Thank you for saying My new favorite line, hail To the King, baby Happiness is when You stop comparing yourself To other people Saw that earlier Everyone got pissed now he's Taking her on dates Justin had the worst Halftime performance in years I said what I said I'm being honest Here, but she's not beautiful Sorry, but it's true I called support on Your behalf and your service Should be back up now I have morning wood Like a low down country boy Dude, I'm so happy Just tried out, Darwin Project for the first time I Love it so damn much Pretty sure this is The longest I have stayed up Being in the house I don't wanna hear One single thing about the Super Bowl today Everything I do Is outta love don't ever Think you finessed me I promised myself To not cry tonight, lol, I Breaked my own promise Cold update, I'm now A mouth breather, do we have? Meetings or something? I'm so sleepy but I gotta force myself to Stay up till midnight My class got canceled Which is cool, but it's also My favorite class Why do white people? Scold us, look at us funny For saying yeses The best revenge will Always be happiness and Having a good life Can someone explain? Me after one hour, what? She said in English Firm believer that Coffee and some good music Can fix most problems Some of y'all women Really be fine as hell out Here, salute to you No one knew Hazard Had a fire left foot, he's Just revealing it A weekend without Foot or body worship is A wasted weekend I'm tired I was Studying for a test when? Spring break is over You make everything Better even when I feel Like it'll get worse I think Rodgers is Going to retire at the? End of the season They are a burden On the tax payers, be gone They are illegals You expect me to? Be honest with you when you Don't even trust me I'm not feeling that New Calvin Harris song, it's Pretty damn boring For the record this Is why I hate group projects? Is it Friday yet? I'm so fucking done Someone can have my ticket 'Cause I'm not going Trying to study For all of my finals will Be the death of me I keep forgetting About my new piercing and I keep hurting it Well, today I gave My soft Scarborough accent Bring on the fish and Getting my hair done This lady came in happy Taste of soul day, lol Go to this seafood Cookout or take care of the More important things The final words of Queen's one vision will never Fail to make me laugh My sister, really Knows all the secret gay, Lore About stranger things Did my professor? Forget that he has a class To teach today or Don't you ever give? People more than they deserve This fuck fuck you up You were different Until I found out you're just Like everyone else I'm taking steps in Life that I let very few Little people see The Foundry is for Our more intimate shows I just shit a brick And everyone is [Laughing at You] And now they Are laughing at us? People brag about Overdoing things that can Be done with patience Why do we insist? On playing these wicked games Nobody will win Sebastian breathes me I'm fucking glad I picked you To be obsessed with It's really hard to Be a human overwhelmed By other humans So who is going? To stop me from getting a Diamond on my tooth I can't wait until My man wakes up, he's gonna Be so proud of me Exactly how could? I ever eat those without Feeling guilty, C Newton, be like, hey Kid, you can't blame gravity For Fallin in love Stop going after What you want and start going? For what you deserve People change over Time and only time can tell U who they will b? This is an attack To my personal life and To the president Credit cards, really Be making me think I have Money when I don't You ain't gotta be My peace I'm about to file Taxes soon, fuck you Why is everyone? Breaking the mutual stop Hurrying my feelings Signing up for this Ot for Saturday Sunday I need all my coins You wanna be there? But you got a hard fucking Way of showing it I love winter, but Driving in this snow is gross Drive safe, everyone Thankful for the cop That just pulled me over and Gave me a warning Ladies, be careful We're divine, it makes others Act nasty sometimes If it ain't about A bag, you know, I gotta Stay out of the way No better feeling Than taking your makeup off After a long day Dear men don't ever Doubt women, they will always Find everything out The way Taylor tells Stories and stuff about her Life is beautiful Hey, sassy, she smiled Reaching down to pick him up Is someone tired? When he is talking About his future plans and He has you in them Sometimes, u gotta Forgive yourself in order To forgive others If you're not over Your ex don't lead someone on With your sorry ass Is porn really banned? From tumblr because I still See tits on my dash This Twitter user Redacted is a sweetheart Perhaps I'm in love Chances are there not Just to correct mistakes, but To determine worth Who are you trying? To convince how delicious That shit sandwich is We so miss Kathy Griffin, on new years we had To turn the channel What are you doing? You cannot use magic with That body of yours Silver age, spectre Stories are way different Than I expected Well, you going to Enlighten the rest of us As to what you found I just wanna be The Bob Dylan of Twitter Whatever that means Say that I'm flopping Still, you copping, so why you? [Knocking at my door] Perhaps I should grow My hair out before I do Anything with it? I want a proper Jamaican party, is that? Too much to ask for I know I'm manic By the amount of caffeine I've been consuming Against those numbers Things like bravery and such We're simply useless Why am I always? Hungrier in the morning Than the afternoon All I've been saying Is big mood to everything? I blame my students I can't stop thinking About my sister throughout This whole video To my ancestors For sacrificing for us What a life we live I miss Asia Reese Maya and Jenn can't wait to See my babies soon Story of my life Being insecure and not Feeling good enough Ugh, so dry, Lemme Just go follow my own moots This bitch too stupid My dog is playing Reload with a soccer ball and It's my favorite I hate brown liquor Yet somehow it always ends Up in my system Even though I eat It too much I can never Get tired of it I found my charger Where it always is in my Backpack, I'm so dumb Except I just drop Grade A in'em and never Talk to'em again I can't stop thinking About how coach said we have To run Hills Thursday I love you, ladies So much thanks for being hard Core trump supporters Hey, siri, who's the? President of Honey Nut [Claire] I'os send tweet Y'all be bitter, y'all Whole pregnancy, lol sad I Would never relate It's so attractive When a girl is mature and Takes care of her own He never needs to Score again if that turns out To be the winner Can someone explain? To me why sis is posing In a home depot Someone who loves you For sure, just remember to Never let'em go My eyes are burning But gotta stay up for my Mans and their music I wanna dance with A burrito this Christmas Just one time, Santa Y'all remember when Empire first came out and It was worth watching Did anyone send? Me a package by post if So please contact me My mama gave me Jack in the box coupons, I'm So fucking happy I'm gonna end up Drinking my problems away Again, who's with me? And yes you should've Hired the real Cate Blanchett And Rooney, Mara Never trust a girl Who leaves u on delivered? When u text Goodnight? Thank you, this shitty Bronze silver week is over Fresh start tomorrow Holy crap we won A road game, holy crap we Won a road sec game? Why do like seven? Different pant sizes fit Me, how does it work? I got to London United States routing you Call you it's either I want a necklace With my name and an ankle Brave with my name Okay, please pardon Me with no accounting for My second hand ones Trying to wrap it Like a normal present, nope It looks terrible Don't even sweat it Buddy, just giving ya crap To mess with ya, lol Reflective mood past Present future, suspect it May be a long night Those seven hooded Masked men will definitely Haunt me in my death Is Mitch gonna sing? The high note in praying I'm Asking for a friend I've finished my high Level novel, redraft time To do something else I'm determined to Lose weight before Raya, I Hope I can do it Yeah, I gotta hit The Chinese spot to get some Wings and mumbo sauce Another lit mag Wants to publish three of my Poises ha cha cha The Rainbow Ocean Is freaking beautiful, I? Wish I could be there Listen up, men do Not let other men dictate Your head space, okay? I'll feel embarrassed To say no, honestly like It's a weird feeling Baby, lay on back And relax out your pretty Footes up on my dash I'm so hungry, but I'm too sleepy to even Think about eating You really blessed us With isolation, thank you For serving us art Some journalists have Been taking the money from? Under the table Please reply to this Tweet with really good series I can start watching Today I managed To take a nap one hour In the afternoon Summer means teeny Tiny shorts and crop tops to Show off cute bellies Chilling out really Just cooking Christmas dinner What about you guys? Greek tenderloin and Anguish cheese pie would be My last meal request My ex boyfriend talks Shit about dogs, make this go Vibrant, who does that? From now on only And I mean, only Christmas Music allowed, thanks Feeling used, but I'm Still missing you and I can't See the end of this There's an aroma Of stinking wee racist cows In the air tonight I just wanna be Happy and have a good time With people I love I'm the humble type I swear I'm always putting Others before me Being bitter is One of the cornerstones of Being on Twitter Frequency is the Language of the universe I must master it Iran fires back Who are you to tell, sovereign? Countries what to do? Thanks for the follow My friend always happy to Connect with writers Drinking an ice cold? Bottle of water in the Middle of the night So I'm going to Need more photos of Louis? Today, in those jeans OK, like this tweet And I'll draw two any of You by tomorrow? Ok, if that's the English defence does England Feel ever so safe Now playing I don't Feel like dancin'by scissor Sisters from Ta Dah I need my batman The man who laughs tattoo, bro Ugh, I can't wait, lol We kinda just hung Out to be sad together That's basically it I want people to Know whoever is farting? I swear it's not me I was so fucking Easeful last night, but it Was such a good one Honestly, songs slowed Down and lowered, really get Me in the right mood Maybe you should try Getting orders to pick you? Up as a white flag Traveling, I hope We'll be nomads and we won't Stop until we drop I want the lady Who narrates play of the game? To narrate my life One text message goes A long way if you're thinking Of someone tell them From the highest high Now in the lowest low, John You wasted yourself It's Bonfire Night At fast, if anyone want To join, be my guest Damn near any juice But apple juice I'd rather Have a real apple Brennan needs to work On his voice, but he prefers To spend time online Hm, I didn't have Dinner I should probably Find something to eat I swear I'd rather Be dirt broke before I ask People for money Some people, really Are bitchy and I'm like just Say it to my face This little fucker Better be ready, my mom Carving a turkey? Why is Chris always? At Disneyland, Disney World I deserve that too O allah, forgive! The believers and Muslims Both living and dead Survival of the Fittest is the motto The Next couple of weeks Made a new Twitter Can I have a follow, please? You are my idol Never give someone You dated a second chance After y'all break up My hobbies include Correct the grammar in All my lecture notes The wisest of the Greeks in the Trojan War and A king of pylos It's almost safer To assume the worst and draw My own conclusions I'm willing to give You a bucket of chicken? Because I love you Don't worry someday Some guy will come along and It'll all make sense Why is everything? Being recalled right now, the Heck, is going on? I would rather die Than to accept sympathy From the likes of you Seem you had problems With leasure, leagues, anything Ever come from it? I wish Brandon was Here to rub my stomach, ugh I feel horrible Hello, who'res tell him? To send money or you're not Gonna talk to him Ha alright, but my Voice is basically my job So I'd rather not Onwards and upwards From here, ready for a fresh Start in the new year Happy Mother's Day To all of the wonderful Wildcats, hockey moms Might flounder ever Have dinner with figment or Is that just too far? Fastest ways to lose My respect, get pizza with Anigon's on it Her giggle echoes Of course not, but it'll be Nice to watch you try I'm on the pursuit Of happiness, bitch'so leave Me the fuck alone I took Friday off I'm doing okay, C thanks For checking on me I'm out tonight, but That's no excuse to forget To update my threads I was cracking up Before, but since polo chimed In now I'm dying Good morning to all You sexy ass babes hope you All have a good day I was trying to Handle it, but you crossed the Fucking God damn line Wishing you both well Jim, feel better soon, merry Christmas to you both It was making the Headache, I am trying to Get rid of worse, lol Please do not relent Shut it down if no money For Wall and Reform I'm hearing rumors About me putting my hands On my daughter's mom We're away for the Weekend means only one thing Rearrange the house I deserve to go To the reputation tour And meet Taylor Swift Cocaffeine is fine and Don't let any mormon lie To you about that? Seeing my wee rach Honestly, makes my day a Million times better I mastered Lucid Dreaming, so I can go back To the happy times I can't sleep because My ankle is killing me So I'm posting memes Allie keeps changing Her name on Twitter and I Keep getting confused Control always stay In control, sometimes you have To think for people I don't go around Asking out just anyone Like this anymore I'm seeing a lot Of excuses from you all So kindly fuck off Living my life is Both a blessing and a curse Me in someone's dream If you had braces Growing up, that was practice For getting a grill Another friend who's? Not talking with me, maybe It's really my fault And I'll be happy This time I'm not trying to Guess how the winner? Honour your parents And your sons will honour you Happily day to all Having a bad day Add Paul Barry on Snapchat And thank me later Remy, test tip, if All of the above is an Answer, pick that one Everyone needs to Watch this video with the Sound up, that is all I get more upset When my parents yell at my Dog instead of me Inter and Spurs will Be wondering how they can Both lose tomorrow This is another Reason why I refused to Go near you last year Go to YouTube, right? Now and the videos won't Load for anyone No sympathy from Me, but they better not try To collect welfare Sis, rubbing his head Should've gave you the answer You were looking for For our love is A ghost that the others can't See, it's a danger Whoever thought, men Woman should be together Made a huge mistake I just wanna go On a cute picnic, is that? Too much to ask for Bea is the cutest Thing ever, I really cry Everytime we talk I'm just trying to Look good this summer, is that? Too much to ask for I'm always okay Until I lay in bed, then I bawl my eyes out I get called friendly For talking to people, I Already know, lol I miss having class With you even though u would Make fun of my arms Can someone send me? The picture of the girl with? Her stomach sucked in Does someone wanna? Buy me a stagecoach ticket And take me with them Hate having teachers That have no idea what? They're talking about Love a lil harder This time, U neva know this One may be worth it I have been saving Money using baby wipes Instead of face wipes Straightening out the Timeline issues that ruined Drafts of this novel Does anyone feel? Ugly without earrings on Or is that just me? No matter that, Miles Between us, we always stand Under the same stars Hate how I always Fall asleep before I send A snap to my streaks Thanks for the follow Heather, I hope you have a Very fine Friday If only you could Get it together, but then Again, why would you? Hello, we are not Defined by your pet today Has anyone told? Time to yourself or Is that just your excuse to? Stop talking to me I'm not the person To hold grudges, I tend to Get over shit quick Always look forward To you guys and this tourney? Great job as always Very well, thank you Hope all your family had A lovely Christmas Ex, I'm with someone Better than you me, huh, bitch Who you with God now? I'm perfectly fine Sleeping in my bed for the Rest of the day night I need my diamond Shaq, they gave me the purple On instead, Diamond I prefer the teal Version not really prefer You know what I mean? She just fell over And decided to lay there She's tired, okay? This old black lady Said, let me sit my brownie Down for a second Just wanna ask what? Inspired you to make the Horror au, thank you Seeing what I don't Want makes me motivated? To get what I want It's always a good Day when I get a spicy Cough for breakfast Now playing reba McFensire, I still long to Hold you now and then Youngblood is coming And I cannot explain my Experience right now No body needs to Help you, you're doing a great Job all by yourself Guys, can you reply? With pictures of Luke, I think I need it now, lol You're like a river Always going forward and Never giving up Gambling is good For you don't let anyone Tell you otherwise Money may not buy Happiness, but it's lack can Buy some misery All single women Got a ring on their finger It is called heaven They are releasing Tour dates, I repeat they are Released tour dates Merry Christmas, peeps Hope you enjoy your day with Friends and family I'm going to Pee On this tweet, record it and Send it to Congress A black woman was Just crowned Miss America Let's talk about it What do you believe? Is the most likely next trend? For the stock market The loudest person In the room is the weakest Never say too much When are we gonna? Get together and sing a Little bit Larry Back flips across the Bedroom, I was just thinking I'd read it again Never forget that People only look for you When it's convenient Dealing with the scar? Tissue everything you put Me through Na Na, yeah I really can't wait For love, hip hop Atlanta To come back uno I honestly have The cutest boyfriend ever I'm beyond lucky My exes would call Me withholding, and I think My dog would agree Baby boy, you won't Find no other that will make You thrill like I do? If it's gonna take You an hour reply then? Don't even bother Wonder if all those Cowboy fans are gonna change Back to Panther Gear Sometimes you have to Make the wrong choices to get To the right places I'm just trying to Be mature, why is that so? Hard to understand In fact, OK, I'll Say it, you're the best poster On the God damn site I always forget About the tattoo on my Ass dat shit, cute tho Wake up already The girls are trying to kill Me here, I need help They take forever To give me my money so I know how it is If they take Izzy Off the show, I am going To ball my eyes out Happy birthday, Kim Have a wonderful day and An amazing year Listening to rain Is so therapeutic y'all? Can fight me on this Starting to believe That I really deserve to Be treated like shit Start my classes for This barber license, then it's Time to get busy I think I'm gonna Try and curl my hair before I go back to school I like his acting And his mystery, and yeah He kinda cute, too They'll never see my Hearts, true desires, but still Let them call me love Ellie, can I have? A bite of someone's ginger Nut just a lil taste Once people know you Got a little something, they Wanna piece of it? Staring at photos Of me and my man thinking How lucky I got? I hate being sick All I wanna do is smoke A Jay with my wife My in depth review Of my left foot, Daniel Day Lewis, that is all Trying this new thing? Where I embrace an outcome Not mourn over it Um, just kidding me Fucking left my running shoes At home, kill me now I wanna start back My blog maybe revamp it Or start all over There's no reason to Have a plan B because it Distracts from Plan A None of my females Are allowed to follow you You too good looking X, you really know How to surprise me, lol, how? Can I repay you? I love sitting in The dark with nothing to do This is wonderful This robo cam is Really hard to watch, can we? Get the normal view Good morning, I want To destroy my router, what? A piece of trash D Did my office close? Today and no one told me Where is everyone? The Star Wars movie Was amazing, may the force Be with us all o That is awesome, I Need some new brothers and Sisters love you guys I suppose I'm not Sleeping just making edits That I'll never post In a little more Than a month, my god, Thanos Will murk everyone Palette of money How the fuck does anyone? Get away with that I don't even know How to hold conversation? With anyone else? You can never go Back after seeing the last Jedi, but I'll try Good morning, happy Almost Friday, hope ya'll have A lovely Thursday Someone talk to me I'm a complete child and in Need of attention Once Kiki gets his Ass up, it's going to be The best day ever I just had someone At school recognize me from Working at the Zoo You get on Twitter? And everyone always fake Horny, all the time I don't like parties Where I have to play only Up to date hip hop Some people say that One who dreams of a briefcase? Won't feel love again Whether big or small Everybody has they own Issues and problems I would've let that Let that heavy ass door slam Him right in the back An important man Is always an important Man, somewhere he is Ugh, wrestle kingdom How is he going to feed? His baby birds now I could just really Start doing shit by myself Again that, why wait? This is not goodbye I know we'll meet again so Let the life begin The Tigers look like A decent basketball team Today, good to see I love iced coffee Why does it make my insides? Feel like I'm dying Can the Celtics stop? Shooting so many jumpers And drive to the hoop My brother is my Ride or die lol even tho We hate each other Petition for Matt To never leave us because He is a treasure People throw me off And make me not wanna deal With them anymore Gonna try something A bit different for my Makeup Wish Me Luck I see the Lakers Have decided they want to Get blown out today It's funny, I would Have expected Joe to like It he did not, lol I'm on the singing Episode of Grey's It's Still Just as annoying I made a promise To myself that nothing can Stop me from winning There is something so Surprising about walking past The School of Music Last minute packing For Amsterdam and I just Wanna have a nap? I've been doing so Much thinking lately, it's time I make some changes The valiant scholar Must destroy the magic sword And defend the priest My heart feels better Not yet back together, but Better than broken Reading upside down And backwards is becoming A talent of mine Finishing a walk With a Clifford size dog, no I am not kidding Sorry to join the Crowd, but I honestly hate The Snapchat update When I start seeing Way more blue messages then Gray makes me wonder No dresses, mini Strict or short pants, remember? We are here to work I always make sure My people good, but they don't Ever do the same? Things are looking up May gonna be a good month I can just feel it I'd do anything To skip classes and cuddle All day with someone Hopefully that there is Someone you can talk to at This time of the day Oh, you wanna hit? People wit garbage cans now I got to cut you I've been doing a Lot of daydreaming, I think This is a good thing Just put together My first crock pot dinner, I Feel so adult now One question, why do? Subs like attention more than They like oxygen Why is this weirdo? Still in my mentions and how Do I turn it off? When I was younger I loved driving now that shit Is mad annoying? Trans people do not Have to have a certain hair Long to be valid I love your comic So much I will patiently Wait for the updates This comment is so Dub, I almost thought I was Reading a tweet from? Mixes masters and Produces his own rap songs Russ is amazing I honestly can't Imagine living my rest Of my life like this I'm really in love With this hair color, I can't Stop looking at it My love's kisses are The best kisses in the world They feel like magic I'm still wondering Why ya'll decided to press? The follow button Here we go again Yet they never follow through On their promises No worries, God will Put everything in place just Gotta be patient We follow people We admire and leave behind The ones we reject I got a headache And blasting this music ain't Making it better People who don't use Their turning signal, Legit Get under my skin Not to worry, Spurs Have Harry Kane the god king? Of the universe I hate repeating Myself, especially if I Say no, the first time We all have something Special about us, turn your Magic on and shine Lemme, tell ya how I almost just made a fool Of myself right now Everyone is drunk Around me and I'm so bored I want to go home Then be satisfied With losing elections and All that goes with it When will you answer? My query, please, I sent it On Thursday, thankyou Always keep it thug Don't let nobody steal or Control ya gangsta I love u darling I hope you know how happy You always make me How to become A? Bone marrow, Doner, are you? On the list, I am Gotta say I have The best big brother and he's Such a good person Men are fucking trash Don't need to be a fucking Asshole rude as bitch Gotta be pretty Drunk to do some stupid shit Like homework, I'mo Does anyone know? If these stats are any good Asking for a friend I love my students So much going to miss them When I graduate We provide research Services for both on site And distance students This ref is trying To buy his way onto Mike Riley's special list I never took him Anywhere else, and I don't Ever want to lol? New content on my Blog, check out the poetry Page link in bio Only four, surely This rich academic vein Can be further mined Whoops, sorry for the Wrong tweet order I tried to Correct a mistake Someone explain why? I'm craving dairy queen, right? Now in this weather Hate telling him shit When he on missions cause he Be in his own world When I was little I was treated as a girl Now I'm just a bitch There's nothing I can Do to make you feel better And it feels so bad What is it about? Lingerie parties that look So dingy sometimes I tell myself you Got this all the time, even With tears in my eyes I just wanna know How tall otto is Google? Why won't you tell me? Honestly, I don't Wanna see any more snow? The rest of the year So fucking empty So fucking tired, I just Need you by my side No matter how slow It came, I always knew how To stack that paper What's it like caring? For someone who likes U back I would like to know I don't wanna go Home with you, I just wanna Be alone with you This weather makes me Wanna ride around all day? With the windows down I wonder what the? Old man with a flower for Penis is thinking I started crying Over Kingdom Hearts, fuck off With these emotions I'm just going to Light a bunch of candles and Make a night of it Had a goodnight, not Looking forward, going back To work tomorrow It's the second beat School day of the year, gotta Make everyone smile Wonder who else was? Out for dinner with Misha Jack and Eugenie I'm looking up facts About Leos and these are Too damn accurate When it's really time To just eliminate that Hate anger, set backs I fucking hate you Not really, but just enough To not help you live They are gonna love You a little different When you at the top? That is wonderful Looking back on all of the Matches that you had I should be sleeping I'm supposed to go to the Gym in the morning I'll roll over in My grave before I let'A Chick, play me again To an extent, but Everything happens for A Reason so fuck it Knowing I'm getting An extra hour of sleep Makes me so happy I don't even care About life anymore, lol I just want to sleep I'm sure he'll very Much appreciate this tweet He will never see Wanting to take a? Late Walmart trip, but I don't Want to go alone? Honestly, you will Probably get a voice mail Then give it to them As someone with A Goofy name, I endorse this Tweet whole heartedly Only took me two Hours to convince myself To go out as planned Total wine has A Recommendations Program, so ya know My life is complete Just a reminder I love Kirkland and Justin With all my heart, lol Can everyone leave? Kendall Jenner alone, she Looks so beautiful Don't forget to leave Milk and cookies out tonight For Willie Nelson Mike is the only Happy one cheap bastard hates Giving out a deal? Can't believe I went Up another damn bra size I don't deserve this If the Bengals draft Lamar, I'm going up there And fighting someone The footage was A Little grainy, I may be Mistaken tune in When people have so Much money they waste it on Worthless shiny shit I really need to Stop assuming people have The same heart I do He's so not going To come to Israel, it's So frustrating, ugh Does anyone have? A clear purse I can borrow For Saturday, please Ninety thousand two Fourteen thousand, forty nine Six thousand fifty Possibly the best Month of my life, my adult Braces will be here Your system is still Not working properly and We can not log in Watched a video Of me dancing in jazz class And y'all I'm not bad My friends are gonna Roast me when they hear about My eventful night Don't willingly talk About my business, please, I'm A private person Why do companies? Choose to discontinue the Products that I love If someone sent me A dick pic with an android I would kill myself No words to describe How much I miss and adore Ur pretty wee face Weekly check in, Miss You more than anyone else Ever, how's your heart? I really need to Be taken care of never Have I felt this bad? Y'all are unprepared For how deep this rabbit hole? Goes I promise you? Turn into something Beautiful, do you know you? Know I love you so Getting all the sleep? I can before I go back To work on Wednesday Very sad, let this Serve as an eye opener To all road users Trump is desperate to Deflect away from Mueller Closing in on him Good morning, loving Vincent deserved better at The Oscars last night By the same people Who assured us, Hillary? Would be President? Figure and Georgia Steel gushes over dinner Out there in silence Is there anything? That single people can do On Valentine's Day My mom's complaining To the hotel, staff time to Hide in the closet That's one shady yak For the dirty South, one crunk Spike for my haters We're all my Friday Just watching TV feels good Staying in here there Bella is so weird She likes sleeping completely Under the blanket I swear everytime I smell smoke in Sonoma I get so triggered How any team could? Start Lester in a wild card Game is beyond me Because the police Are naturally right wing And always have been Jeremiah is the Last class you attend before You become a witch If you really want To talk to someone you can Make time, regardless Every ranked match I'm losing points when I win What is going on? Thank you and expect Lots of animal pictures In the future, C I never do this It's only for tonight, I Need to stay awake Once you lose someone Close to you losing other People mean nothing I gotta wake up Early Goodnight, Miss August And the rest of you Having to give two Presentations in one day Should be illegal I want something new In my life I'm tired of The same ole same ole Next person, I shave My legs for who cancels can Suck my fucking strap This time I'm going Walking alone without my Mom, sick of her shit No matter how far Two people fall apart there Will always be love Come on, Melanie Just stick out a stiletto And trip the bastard The sad feeling that When you're alone suddenly You want to go home? After I make this Trip again I'm sleeping for The rest of the day I found the perfect Pre workout for cardio I'm fucking happy When I'm starving, why? Do I always crave shit food? And not healthy food Okay, now we know That Kelly is leaving back To Trump and Russia My draws have little Pizzas on them and that's the Shit that excites me Lemme, tell you this Rap about the county jail When I lost my hoe Rereading the same Bullshit over and over Again, still bullshit Sending Mark for wine Is like sending a blind man? To pick out a tie OK, there are so Many movies out right now That I want to see Amit shah, time to Get over the finish line Whatever it takes Well, no, not really Just poking fun at someone With some delusions If you're an adult And you can't do your dishes You need to grow up I can't fall asleep When I'm sad, no wonder I Never get tired Hit so many splits Tonight way too annoying So I'm getting off Happy birthday, you Gorgeous human, I hope you Have a splendid day Thank God everyday For the people behind me And in my corner Keep going, guys, the World is yours for the taking? And Merry Christmas I hate people who Continually have the fan on Even when it's cold Pure bliss, everything Is finally perfect, all Glory goes to him Who's trying to go? Eat, I'm so hungry no ride But I got the cash Update: This was A Good decision, but I may Refuse it later I'm trying to wish My grandma, happy birthday But her phone is dead I just wanna hit Check on this cart and my Life will be complete Just got an awesome New Spiderman poster and It's hollow, graphic This female colleague She always has something to Say about my looks I'm getting a new Roommate and I don't know how To feel about that I'm leaving Twitter For today, it's for the best See you, everyone Someone someone broke The fucking microwave and I'm going to scream I've had so many Interviews, so why am I? Nervous for this one The Saudi prince had That reporter killed now, do? Something about it? Hi, are you having? Fun in Australia, did you? Get a pic with D I'd only want to Make you smile if you'd only Stay with me a while Not trying to go To the gym this evening, but That's not an option I'm super tired And waiting for my heart to Stop beating so fast My standards are high For the people that I want In my life, long term It's okay to be Worse in an argument, just? Take your l and move No, hide, I wanna Stare at you from a distance I sound like a creep I have the biggest Pimple on my chin and it's So sore and ugly I have a homeland And a hundred orchards and A thousand habib People are going To die out way faster than The dinosaurs did Hello, I'm fairly New to Twitter, I'd like to Ask you a question I could buy countries For taking a dick in the Butt are you kidding? I can't wait until I see Luis and can take Pictures of his butt This is bullshit take Their money and sue the shit Out of that sheriff There is so many Hidden passages I want To explore with you My Valentine's Day Gift was Johnie cleaning my Pipe and some flowers Remind me again Why a sitting president? Can't be indicted When you miss someone So bad, but you can only Hug pictures of them I really need to Get up and find me something To eat in this house I got rich because I chewed a pop tart into The shape of a gun You won't tweet about This because your father, your Family, your life Advice to young me Live ur life because it'll Change as you grow up Super adult tweet Incoming, I fucking love Having my own couch Just for the record It's just as bad to body Shame skinny people I'm hugging my dog And waiting for pizza life Is good life is great? She don't really feel That way she just wanna make She'll feel better I minds well, Detach Myself from you now, I know Where this is going? No, not really don't Listen to him, he can't teach You magic for shit? I prefer the taste Of fanta when it's mixed with Vodote, am I weird? If I read before This exam again might have Zero brain cells left All I have needed Thy hand has provided great Is thy faithfulness? Wonderful, feel free To share both the magazine And call for papers The Houston Rockets Chris Paul had a terrible Warmup and won't play Nobody had time For me tables, turn, they say I'm acting funny Put Molly all in Her champagne, I took her home And I enjoyed that Watching the wedding? Singer and I forgot how Great, this movie was How about we purge? All of those in Congress who? Have an opinion I'm just gonna try Having the best year of my Life again next year I wanna hang out With lil uzi vert and take Him to emo night Need to stop eating Before it gets out of hand I get really fat Today I dropped my Phone in Nacho Cheese and I Think I almost died The way y'all promote And encourage cheating is Really weird, bro, yuck Inform the cauldron In the fire, cowards thrust Evil always wins Good morning, happy Valentine's day to you And your other half I want what's coming To me, the world chico and Everything in it Remember that when? I begin saying, oh, hell Yeah, I cannot stop My mil is paying For cleaning people for A Whole entire year I expect you to Do good things in these toa Tournaments this year Now that we're older The future is colder, but What is there to do? Someone to kick it With talk to no titles, no Labels would be nice Wanna know how to? Be a fake guy, no worries Just do what I do I admire you so Much and I love the wonder [Woman] That you are The markets as I Always say what goes up comes Down and down, we go It's my favorite Person's birthday so happy He's mine and I'm his Today was a day That I really needed got Me back to myself For me success is Having your natural skin? Act as your makeup Twitter ur always Trying to sound smart and add To ur followers You know, people are Gonna Google it, you're just Giving away things Remember me though I have to say goodbye, don't Let it make you cry That's one state away From me, come visit I'll show You up in fishing? God, I hate people I'm so embarrassed I'm the Same species as them I always make sure I put lotion on when I Get out the shower Twitter, do your thing Or whatever and get me A million dollars I'm embarrassed to Call myself a West Ham fan After today's game She's so beautiful That natural hair and to Top it off that smile Courtois has his legs Open more than Kate Price On a Friday night Really gotta change My numbers they say fuck u Gotta say it back She may be wicked But she's wickedly wright or Right, maybe both work You guys, I voted Today and I feel like I'm A real person now Well, no use bitching Just gotta pick myself up Like I always do The president is An absolute disgrace, what? A garbage human I have a disney Pass and I hardly use it Someone go with me I don't miss nothing About high school I'm happy As hell, it's over Looking forward to Starting my week with order And structure, okay? After this, use the [hammer] To pull the nail out From under the loft I really need to Stop being a pussy and Start talking to her I think tomorrow Is the day I start getting? My shit together I no longer have A roommate, so it's just me And an empty room Okay, this sis is Sneezing and sneezing nonstop Will sleep in a bit How many times do? I have to tweet about Chris Smalling fucking joke Love reading ur draft Info you should be scouting For a team by now Happy birthday to The world's biggest animal Lover, hope it's great I hate when people Talk so loud, especially when I'm just waking up Thank goodness for A Long weekend, I can barely Keep my eyes open I'm going to the Gym when I get off trying To get back on track I can't stop thinking Of Pierre, I'm gonna have A fucking breakdown I'm watching the great Gatsby and I'm crying what? The fuck who hurt me? I'm gonna dive in I already followed him There's no going back Don't normally talk About politics on here But fuck Kim Reynolds I finally moved In after so much struggle Lord, I am grateful Sometimes you gotta Let people go to achieve Everything you want If you don't follow This beautiful sister, right? Here what chu doing? So I'm sitting there Barbecue sauce on my door And comes into room There are so many Awesome pieces of music You could add to this I would imagine The moral is quite low in Redskins Park today Those who possess the Most beautiful faces are Mostly the devils Peter, take it up With my butt, he's the only One that gives a crap Waste of money should Have got a steering wheel and A real racing sim If I care about You, I will support you in Whatever you do I don't believe this She was caught and is trying To get out of it I woke up thinking It was Wednesday, I'm ready For this week to end I'm gonna try and Convince my mom to let me Get a nose piercing I'm starting to work Out tomorrow, someone be My working buddy May be Jesus Christ Has some elite rappers for? Peace in Germany I'm just ready to Go home and eat pizza and Cough with my man Are y'all ready to? Admit that Sarkisian is The problem yet, or? Booked our new year's Vacation to Vegas can't Wait for naughty fun My life has meaning I have a story just like Everyone else has Did my makeup for? No reason now I need to Find somewhere to go Happy eggs, fools day I can finally eat sweets To my heart's content I think Junior was Saying he was going to Buy you a new one Liam, picture spam Is following, I just have To share his beauty If you defend Tom Wilson, at all you should be Afraid of yourself If you don't fancy The fuck out of your partner Then why u with them? I asked my brother And he said, April fools yun He answered, unsure I've gotten to A Point where I can't even love My own god damn self I have a fetish For picking the crust from my Eyes in the morning Taking two spinners In the middle of the plate Seems less than ideal I want to defect To Thailand n live with the Buddhists n hindus Have you ever been? So sad you can't even fake Smile, I can relate Set the page color To black font color to gray And lower brightness Lovely people who Follow me, tweet me with the Highlight of your day Got a few extra [shots of despair] In my ice Coffee this morning Or y'all can return It with everything in it Like good ass people I'm sorry, but I Just can not stand people who Bite their lollipops I don't wanna be At your wedding, I wanna Be in your wedding I'm gonna make you Remind that decision for The rest of your life That was so silly Such a soft goal to concede Come on now, wake up Nothing like coming Home with groceries to find The power is out I'm craving cotton Candy ice cream, I gotta Get some tomorrow Very bold of me To say that because I can't Live up to my claim They really had to Test the fire alarms and Wake me up like dat One thing about me That has gotten me far is That I'm trustworthy How is Halloween? Tomorrow, like where did we? Just skip September I'm going to the Gym, I want super powers Too someone train me This puppy can't be Born fast enough, I'm ready To be a dog, mom Life is all about Taking risk to get what you Want Adam Lambert? Then I'm going to Check your resolve ready, aim For me with the ball Everyone looks so Important in la that, no One looks important Do the Eagles think? They can stop the Patriots What are they doing? Ay, shaun you outta Pocket over there, I hope U see this tweet, lol Julia just made me The happiest once again I love her so much Ready for dinner? Got a sample and now I Wanna make a plate? Also, I heard y'all Talking about taco bell Do y'all like Wendy's? I have to retire Drinking we don't get along I'm so hung over The ship is sinking Group yourselves according to Your vested interests Mis labeling is Not analysis, it's just That mis labeling I don't like bathing In the sea, but the resort Have a swimming pool She'll probably learn Her a scoot or something and Be a late Walker You every shoot In Miami, would love to Take you on a date I'm too busy to Heal myself and got no time For useless people Do what you gotta Do for you never give up On someone you love Look inside, just look Inside it's all inside'cause The truth is in there No, really, I love Throwing up after I eat It's my favorite Bounce my ass into The next dimension she is Ready to transcend I'm not gonna watch Any spoilers leaked this time? Gonna cherish this The hatred I grew For the Redskins as a child Has gone nowhere, lol J Cole's music is Saving people, why is that? A problem for you Applicated to my first Real artist studio space Today wish me luck I think I'm going To an Ed Slavean concert Jesus, take the wheel Thy thorax is as Ripe as a tin of sardines On a cold evening Just waiting for new Years to be over, so this Job can call me back Were you in London? Today, if not, we walked past Your exact double I'm hoping we don't Get product either, so we Can leave right after Welcome to the right In finder, some of you can Drink the melted I Tiger would have to Carry his sorry ass all Over the golf course Eat one fruit today And I think my body is Going into shock File under things we Wish we knew before, restore The delta started Snow is beautiful And makes me think about you But I'm also mad That's exactly what This giant corporate tax Cut is spray and pray Bloody hell, would you? Look at the time, better fix The sleeping schedule I'm ready to start Working so that I don't have To think about things I don't deserve you You don't deserve me, we don't Merge each other Order of the day Gather data, type report Eat repeat process Courtney and I have Definitely reached a new Level of friendship You gotta let your Car heat up, run before you Go out this morning Why do I settle? For women that want me to Pick up the pieces Everything seems so Much more peaceful after you Clean and then shower Take a moment to Thank your nasal passages For not being stuffed This is because your Connection is bad or it's Just your computer Would honestly do Anything to go back to? How things used to be? F people who don't Take care of their animals Trash human beings Shout out to Agent Mole, you're my new favourite Fuck you, nugget X That is clearly not The message coming from Hail Johnson and the rest We're going to win So much you're going to get Tired of winning The hardest part is Making sure they have plenty Of water to drink Super thankful that My boyfriend listens to the Pointless stuff, I say Can somebody please? Take me to this coffee shop Thank you in advance Crackhead culture is Calling yourself a crackhead Mc Jin can relate They buried it twice The initiative was the Same thing, basically You are installed in The hall of coolest people On Twitter, congrats Aircrafts by B O B will always be one of My favourite songs I wish people would Love, respect children as much They coo over pets I've been so happy All day, may it continue? Over the weekend Patrice, ugh, where are? You, I keep looking outside For some flurries, lol Waking up early? To study all day, that's the Life I chose to live Sometimes it makes me Want to cry thinking about? How much I love Q? We asked for summer And Mother Nature dropped the Whole damn sun on us Tell the mirror what? You know, she's heard before I Don't wanna be you Honestly, a bowl Of cereal would make my Friday night, perfect Damon is so sad And he misses Bonnie so Much, I'm so sad Why do people put? Take care on a pedestal It's so average It's amazing what We can do if we simply Relieve to give up You already know You eating half then throwing? The rest away, lol I need to finish This essay, but I want to Watch the episode I'm not taking the Piss out of the scum until They're out of Europe Do you think instead? Of using the word, kids could Use the word children I must be going Through it because I started [Laughing at the End] Oh, God, I listened To the yodeling thing, it's Sticked in my head now Is there anything? Worse than pretending to be Happy when you're sad Stop saying all those Lise about me, I might just Call you back one day Everything that comes Out of your mouth is bullshit In its purest form Continue the line I draw fill in the missing Mark, without you, you Lennon had her first Show tonight and she sold out And I'm just so proud Everyone wants to Give me a Ghanaian wife I've to be careful Why even start A? Conversation if you're not Going to end it? I feel awkward and Not really sure what to do With myself right now The story of my Life, I am convinced there are No cheat days for me Just be honest and Be grateful and enjoy where You belong in it I promise you the Culture is here to suck u Up n spit u out Dam, now I gotta Change up all my wallpapers And header and shit lol, Vikings could use Him too, let them be greedy Like the Patriots Reading about how? Sex after cancer treatment Is never the same? Don't ever try to Treat me like a regular Chick, I'm far from it Another song, we Love her, I need full lyrics Twitter, do your thing Good camera, good Makeup and a fresh do, oh? And a nice roommate Is it Wednesday yet? Because I'm already in Need of a day off? Holding my dog's hand He's really the only one Who understands me? I love Lebron, but I just can't bring myself to [Claire for the Lakers] Iris, did it for? Me, I'm kidding she did it For our parents People keep filming Me without my permission At least I look cute A smart person knows How to talk a wise person? Knows when to listen Oh, Cardiff, you've got One job this season, but I'm Not sure you'll do it How's everyone's day? Going hope it is going Well, just checking in Y'know we really Could use a few extra hands I could vouch for'em I'd like a fucking Grande Palazzo with extra Cocoa powder, please Ain't going be that Uncle telling stories, how? He never made it Is this any way? To see what my balance is For a closed account Central, how can you? Defense Joe Hart after that He is fucking shit I'm starting work on Thursday, how soon can I ask? For leave in July You never say yes Not quite no say, just enough To make me not go It's so important To make sure not ruin songs Like forever world Yet Democrats are Still excited and vulgar About a fake book My conditions are Getting worse, I hope it'll Be better again Living in past will Never let u conquer your Dreams stay positive Hello, how are you? Are you staying hydrated? Getting enough sleep? Tomlinson and I Love you more than anything In this fucking world My jaw is going Left right and centre at the Min, I'm not happy Today I got told That the shirt I was wearing Made me look pregnant Because of a girl I dated my old friendships May never get fixed God is punishing Us for letting Fergie flop With her new album I hate being in A bad mood for no reason Why does that happen? I don't wanna go Out everyday, some days, I Wanna stay in sleep? This entire time I thought she was a toddler When she went missing I'm so hungry, but I should really go to bed For my shift tonight I'm home alone and Every little sound scares The crap out of me Can't see any chat Messages from my dashboard I missed chat tonight Stop telling yourself One thing do another, that's Why you stay hurt, sus? I assumed from the Beschreibung: This was a tweet About your penis Deng, my coworker For my stash of energy Drinks I keep at work I was supposed to Fix my sleep schedule tonight But fuck all, I guess There's a rich Asian Lady in front of me at The airport starbucks I did say today That I need to write modern New Christmas music Thank you for being A voice of reason, let's just Pause, agree, thank you It's all a process Everything that happens is Suppose to happen I know we started At the bottom, but that ain't Where we gone, finish? Work on a Sunday Literally fucks up your Social life, big time They say money can't Buy happiness, but I'm sure It'd fucking help I always wonder What home is like without me? When I'm at Uni Teens will upset when My suicide note says I'm Sorry, I just can't Well, Chris Vega did You get all the attention You needed today I promise I'll watch Shootout, but mono will drop Soon and I'm shaking I am transcending Space and time I'm traveling At the speed of light From everyone here At Flintstone marble granite Have a great weekend Trust baby, I don't Wanna fight, I just want you To listen to me When Spider Man said Mr Stark, I don't feel so Good, I felt that shit Hi, Tracy, beauty In the sky, always good to See and enjoy there Happy birthday, hope You get a wonderful day And a lot of gifts I don't think zero's Doing this just to take the Piss out of a lime You are going to Be a absolute beast, you'll Have to dream bigger My private life is An inside joke, no one will Explain it to me Bought your favorite Food hoping for exchange of My favorite smile Stop sending my tax Dollars to countries that are Trying to kill us I only want chic Fil'a on Sundays, cause I Know I can't have it You are the writer Of your own story create Your own legacy Don't throw us under The Omnibus vote, no your Voters are watching Someone just sent me A very funny joke, yeah Just very funny You been faithful, you? Been good all my days, Jesus I will cling to you What's that Nevada? City where all the dentists? Visit floss, Vegas Promise to self I'm Just gonna enjoy the show With my precious eyes I tell Harry Styles I love him everyday, why? Am I still single? This reminds me of Me and my cousin's fighting When we were little City of Cape Town Are impounding uber cars? At Cape Town Airport I quite honestly Wonder if Trump can even? Find France on a map Very glad, no more School until Monday was A Shit week anyways Gotta keep my eyes Open damn dragons could swoop Down at any time My grandma left me A voicemail telling me to Go vote tomorrow Never forget to Take care of yourself always Give time to yourself Sometimes I just look At my dog and cry because I love him so much Am I really that? Person that comments on how? Cute people's kids are Okay, but I just Imagined you in glasses And let's say I died I lows wanna go To prom again, just to go Who needs a prom date? I'm going to stop Playing because I'm looking Forward to the song If I dick around Enough it'll be time to Go Dad on the gym Do you have any? Fun when you patrol, it seems So boring to me Feeling on the verge Of crying all day today For no real reason I feel someone need Me, but I can't understand Who is this person? He better answer His questions tho I'm staying Up all night for this Depends who is in Office tax relief can be Renewed or reversed You're excellent in Dishonored, I just pretend Corvo is Garrett Yap, this is Japan Everything is settled with A children card game All the money I Spend on buying a new I Would love a refund Is a legend for? The Rick and Morty intro On his new album Remember you're great And you can be greater if You work hard enough hoses are purple Heart asters are tan sugar Is sweet and so on Can you please follow? Me that really best gift for My last birthday, C Living alone is Nice until you have to clean The whole house alone Who wanna help me? Discover something, so I Can name it Kuba Tom Brady losing Is so freaking delicious? Like tasty as fuck All along, I know I was meant to be alone Out here on my own Money may not buy Happiness, but it can damn We'll give it fm I've never been so Happy to see someone's name Pop up on my phone Ur a good person Very funny and hope you Have a good Christmas I think my mother Sabotaged me as a youth She wanted a girl I warned the darkness At the judgement, magic cries Cruelty never sinks Ya ever just sit? Back ready to call someone Out on their bullshit Is everyone just? Pretending to get baseball? Because what is this? Whenever you are Feeling down, just remember This at least I'm not I really need to Learn how to put myself first For me and my son Someone signed me up For emails from Newt Gingrich Like, can you guys not? On another note Hip hip hooray the super Readers saved the day I have no respect For some people can't even Look at them the same Oh, I always thought That who has Twitter accounts? To talk to themselves Cool drinking game be Honest about how we feel About each other I'm never gonna Meet any of the boys, ugh? I hate everything You don't even know A fraction of my life so Don't try to fix it The Supreme Court of India and high courts must Take action on this Factors I'll probably Never cuff a bitch again You hoes ungrateful Traumatized yet, I Still cover my pain with this Dubious smile, fuck it Always keep a smile On my face even when shit Eating me alive? It's like voting in The last US election, both Options are brutal I don't wanna set The world on fire, honey I love you too much I subscribed to it Years ago, and I want that Shit off my Twitter Still enough time to Figure out how I fall in Love so fast with you I almost feel bad For Peterman, lol, both picks Off his receivers Finally done with College now, lol, just waiting To walk Saturday Roses are denim Orchids are turquoise sugar Is sweet and so on Is it increasing? Enough to have an impact On road conditions Periods cramps can Actually, suck my whole Dick, they hurt so bad I feel pretty, oh So pretty, I feel pretty And witty and gay So you're just gonna Come online, n not follow Me again, how sad? I'm too lazy to Text unless you're important To me or you're hot Going to go watch? Star Wars by myself, I guess This is my life now He stretches gently Humming softly as he leans Back against the bed People come and go In our life, but the right One's will always stay Frank and Andreas Pizza is the only place I truly feel loved Clever, Willy one Of my favorite cartoons As a kid, thank you I enjoyed it, too Enjoy your eats and the rest Of the holidays Trying to tell me What I said is the quickest Way to piss me off I only push you Away because I need you To pull me closer Can someone tell me? What an isotope is, lol? Science is too much Power outage hits Parts of Atlanta Airport Delaying some flights Danny Mayor Rides The referee longer than I ride my missus Why would anyone? Put a bike light reflector In their vagina I can't fathom the Words to describe how stupid This is, oh, my God It's not because I'm Tired of you, it's because I'm tired of love Don't ever loose ur Follow come charger, u will Live to regret it Stunted for the first Time in a long time today And it felt so good Our pleasure, guys Look forward to seeing you Play in the new year Follow me if you Want a baby to spoil I'll? Be your little slut [Bryson Tiller] Just Came on, Shuffle, you know I'm On some bullshit now I hate seeing Duke A good team, but this zion Guy is fun to watch Sometimes you gotta Ask yourself if it's really Worth stressing about Megan and Nick are The cutest couple ever I can't stop crying I can't even stand 'Comethically, you want me to Do that on my head This is a public Service announcement, do not Give me alcohol What kind of person? Ends birth, right citizenship Trump is such a clown I have morning wood Like a jelly filled donut Dude, I'm so happy I never thought I'd Say this, but I'm so happy To see solid poops My dating style is Layed back until I love you Then I'm dramatic Ada seems to be Dangerous for a long time Beware of danger Somebody please tell Me how far does sucking dick? Get you in life, lol Besides this shit, I Live a pretty private life And I love that shit What's important is? Not just winning the game, but Also how you play I'm giving my friends A pop quiz on our trip To Cuba last year Terrified, but I Am watching this as soon as It hits theaters Why are the crazy? Relatives, the first to come And the last to leave And ya know, Hitler Murdered thousands of people But semantics, right? We are eaten by A salmon when we do not Mail a questionnaire Relieve, cause you wish You talked to be writing, but? I'm dying instead Let's focus on the Future now, don't drag us back Let's be positive Let's just say exam Season messed me up so hard I just had breakfast My dog really ate My remaining birthday cake Off the counter, wow? Thanks for the follow Is there anything we can? Help you with today Drake always reminds Those that forget he can rap With the best of them File my taxes, did Washing out the shower time To roll up this dank My aesthetic is Telling my manager that I'm gonna go poop Funny how human? Beings be looking for what? They had, but let go Been wanting to start A blog for ages, but what? Do I talk about? Goodnight to Emma Stone, Jennifer Lawrence and Harry Styles only Do you ever think? About dying and think of How it'll happen? You can come over Whenever I want a full Refund for the three Someone say they like Me, we interacted twice Me bitch, I love you Tea and an apple For my breakfast, hope it will Keep this cold away Waiting for that bug To end it's making me so Sad and frustrated What's the record for? Most consecutive hits by A single player How about the fact? That there is no evidence Trump even said it If anyone knows Where I can buy bubble gum? Ice cream, let me know Silence can never Be misquoted sometimes it's Best to be silent I'm almost at the Point of not caring if I Look like an asshole Go ahead and watch My heart burn with the fire You started in me Pay attention, folks The corporate coupe d'etat Is almost complete Lilies are convenient That said I don't have any Intentions to lie Guess I'm going to Put the Christmas tree up at The end of this month Now watching cookies Because I'm an adult and Can do what I want Seeing pictures of How skinny I used to be? Really kicks my ass I could not survive Without my granny, I am So thankful for her I need a secret Twitter feed where I cam rant Like a teenager I don't have any Attachments left to such a World full of liars You should be able To share everything with your [Greyne] Nick Jonas Okay, now I must Seriously, act on those Plans of moving out Can I come over? Tomorrow since when do you? Ask to come over These employees at Publix are so fucking cute I'm going to cry The way they acted Is fucking gross and I hope They all get fired For how many times? They question the race of my Babe, I'll take a shot I wanna look you In the eyes again, take me Back to that moment All dear white people Is is one big live action? The root article Early morning talk On why we should date people Older than us with I gotta pop some Advil, just to get out of Bed in the morning I'm about to just Stay in Arkansas, it's so Damn pretty down here Hay ari, I can't Hear you, oh, I'm not watching Your program no loss Like just being laid Up with my girl, just talking Makes me so happy No ghoul unless she Makes a surprise appearance In the shop today I'm crying so hard Why did this happen, I just? Want this to be done? If u joke around Too much, no one believes you When you're serious I can't erase it From my soul even if it Hurs me, I can't I still can't accept This where is everyone when? He suffered alone I am still waiting My confirmation e mail How I can get that? Somebody told me They liked big hooters, I said That I liked owls too Started reading the Harry Potter books, let's see How obsessed I get? If my tarheels lose Tomorrow the Cowboys will Win on Sunday, lol You will never see Any error in your tweet? Until you send it I'm tired of white People telling me to go Look at the sun moon I might be fucking Ugly but lemme tell y'all About this heart, tho? I have a feeling It's going to be one of The best summers yet I really hate it When my marbles get stuck in My large intestine Okay, they shooting In my neighborhood, let me Go back inside, lol I'm so exhausted I think I'll just hide away With him for the day Can't thank God enough For giving me this man, I'm So happy and blessed What I like about? Fresh Direct is how it is Both fresh and direct Can someone break my? (Near) So I have an excuse To get a nose job Anyone know where? I can look for a sugar Momma, for my friend All this advil is Gonna have me fucked up, but The pain was too much Rath was meant to Impress the gods more deeply With a human store Our hardships and Humor beginnings make us Who we are today? Feels so different Walking into the house and Not being greeted Why does your belly? Make stupid noises when it's The most quietest Let's hope, Elliot Gets hot and puts together A few more like that Really, Brandon Cooks Little ass, I thought he died In the Super Bowl I'm not happy since Her and Cammy are the bane Of my existence Women are going To save this world, wonderful Job on your movie My cousin is out Fighting dragons and what do? I get guard duty That was a really Horrid thing to say, even? By Kate's standard You got your brothers In your room setting up, my Fingers more and more The Bible says love Never fails, so if it fails Was it really love? Exactly why I'm Always at home working or Staying with my man When it was only Me, I learn to love myself More than anyone If I can figure Out my twitch password, I may Stream in the morning Wow, I really just Want to eat everything in? The kitchen right now Making your boss wait For you you've gotten pretty Full of yourself, heh? When things are going Really good and then, he says He's a Blackhawks fan Remember to get All the women you know to Vote in November Excuse me, I'll just Go get my tissues because This just made me cry Or maybe I'll just Watch the Lost Tower movie Instead, ha ha ha B bless the people who Tolerate my laugh because That shit is not cute My friends always go Out on Saturday nights and I work some bullshit Drinking a beer in? The morning is good for you Gets your day started So nervous about Tomorrow, but I have to Have faith in myself Tired of wasting My time effort on people Who don't deserve it? Need to dc this? Wig, make my salad and then Go get my nails done It's so frustrating To watch abusive women Get away with it How come only when? My dad decides to come in My room, it's a mess Grant Hill, Jason Kidd Elton Brand Steve Francis Why? Not Mitchell Simmons Why is everyone's? Name love, am I missing A? Movement or something? Ahah, it's so quiet For once, maybe I should try To finish my book Getting real tired Of not getting anything Back on my taxes Not worrying, not Crying anymore, God has Jeff, I know he does Applying for jobs? Makes me just as tired as Having a job would You always have shit To say some people got some Energating ass friends I'm not trying to Make this last anymore, I'm Just gonna checkout I get so flustered Around boys, I find cute and It's such a problem I can't stop watching The series, but the novel Is so much better? I will never stop Being proud that I was a Former member of So wait Eva first Baby, Daddy, a dead beat Ain't he an actor? Sorry about the Abortion yesterday I'm in A much better mood People who like small Talk, just wanna chat about The weather and shit The world will always Be like this, you only need To understand it These leftovers, so Good, I wanna drive back home For another plate My guiding mantra Pausey and inaction are Two different things [Swilight Weather] Was? One of my favorite songs When I was younger Using credit cards To pay bills, aka making Deals with the devil Winkle, can you do? A meet up on Royale High Like a meet n greet I don't know, Pablo But watching Narcos I am So sad that he died (sigh) I miss seeing Paramore in concert at This very moment Any of y'all know? Where I can find attention Asking for a friend This is going to Be my walk out anthem when I walk into war Put a pixie stick Down your urethra, see what? Happens I dare you Murphy going to? Be even worse today, pal Best of luck with it Want to blow bubbles? Me flirting bubbles is the Name of my penis A frozen block of Turkey fell on me and I Think I broke my toe Friendly update that I'm seeing Ed Scaran with My friend in two days This really hurts my Heart because all I see is My little brother Your hands remind me Of all the fire I've touched But never got burnt I wanna say fuck You, it's just I really still Wanna fuck with ya? Speaking of scary Movies, that's exactly what I'm in the mood for I feel so alone In this big cruel world where? No one seems to care I would never kick No shit like that towards you And you know, I't My birthday is on Thursday, I have no clue what I'm going to do I love healthy food But I hate healthy cooking And healthy prices Is there any more? Info u can give us time Frame or anything? My sissy is out Living her best life and I'm Under my covers Said it'd be the Last time all you needed was A little closure I muted the words Star Wars and Jedi until After I'd heard it My hair is platinum Again, do I stay purple? Or go back to blue It's finally fall Weather and I'm so happy I can wear sweaters Get there early and Leave early or just hit one Of the lesser parks It was beautiful To watch, it's also sad how It was a rare sight Need to live abroad? Where it's constantly hot for? The rest of my life The rights of women To have an abortion are Still under attack This sex trafficking Is getting out of control? And it's sickening Let our revenge Be the laughter of our Children, Bobby Sands One of my classes Got cancelled so more time to Stay in bed and cry I see the future Without you, the hell was I? Doing in the past Celea, Marie, don't Read too much into it, hun It's just a comment I wanna go back To the old days right before They called me Seniori Homecoming just has Me tired parties back to Back to back to back Rihanna is such An angel, I hope she had A great day today I just wanna stay In bed and watch sad movies And cry my heart out Thinking of starting An electric dream machine Cover band who's in? I can't be drinking No regular cups, all of My cup's is muddy Feeling down, light up Your day today with our New light selections Why does everything? In the world, take forever Except for weekends Not gonna complain About this weather it was Nice and cool today Life been so simply And full of good energy For me, truly blessed It's crazy to me I've never even been in A airport before Success, do not get Handed to you, fight for what? You want out of life? My eyebrows have a Mind of their own today and I can't handle it Video won't, but I'm so proud of my baby She did excellent Hello today, just Like yesterday, I won't be Getting out of bed? Did I really just? Spend my Saturday night binge Watching Jersey Shore I was watching her Videos and was damn you We're my partner, lol So this is justice The source of all our woe What sorrowful eyes? Hash corrodes it Corrobodes the container that Carry it, Simpson I love reliving The past just to remember How stupid I was I may have fallen In love with a bearded man And he's a barber I can't promise you Anything but I can tell You I'll never leave Why do people have? To lie about little things Just be honest, kids The crossword clue is All together, the crossword Answer is en blob I'm so all around Easeful, I just need to Relax for one day All my smokers, how? And why did you start smoking? I'm just curious Man, I'm tired of Seeing bitches smoke and they? Don't even inhale Okay, that's truly The best thing I have ever Seems like so true cry That cipher girl is Looking at me strangely, I Fear for castration I'm the only one Girl, I'm gonna add others In the manga, what? It's trans awareness Week, but I already have To get a new one A single drop of Honey can be sweeter than A slab of chocolate Gotti, yo I need [glasses badly] My headaches Are getting so bad I'm going to throw Up everywhere, oh, my God Oh, my fucking god This movie is so Good, I completely forgot That it existed Someone get me in Contact with Roger Goodell I just wanna talk Open with right lane Resting blocked, use caution And expect delays I just wanted fuck Face ass after the female Play you to the left If you are going To quote Harry Potter then At least do it right I can't handle this Shit by myself and I am Scared of everything Snowing in April Has me looking for places? In the south and west Being private was A cool still considering Doing it full time How to die without? Hurrying everyone who has Affection for you My mother said her Favorite stranger things, kid Is Dustin thanks, Mom? Every ex should Support an ex like Liam Payne supports his ex My oldest child, when? You get to heaven before Me will you text me? You are the apple Of God's eyes, blessing showers On you this morning I honestly don't Know who is hated more her? Or the president? Sticked between wanting To be someone's man, fuck that I love being free Has been crazy all Night I always forget how Much I love the chi Great project, I can't Wait to see this progressing Until reach the top I'm so frustrated And upset and I just don't Know who to turn to? Could only vote for One, but I'd really like to See all of them gone There is nothing pure About the way we do things Humans are dirty Everyone knows that Sunday night struggle of not Knowing what to eat? In order to tell My story, I need to help Others tell their own About to take the Hotst shower of my life To calm my muscles Alright, can I get? Warm enough for me to drive With the windows down My hair is turning Orange, it's time for me to Get it dyed again No one, okay, it's Okay, I think I need to Keep these for myself Then your family Told them to eagerly and They deserved nothing Seek suffering and Injuries because it will Teach you a lesson Holy shit, so now Is the perfect time to fuck? Up and stop working I just want someone To kiss my forehead while I Cheer you on in life He was really oooh I've never had one of these Partner stuff before Jesus is the best Foundation upon which to? Build a solid life Not even close, bro lol, don't even put them in The same sentence, G Dinah saved my life I survived because she showed Me how to escape I don't need any Help especially not from A Little kid like you You'll never be too Cool to dance, you'll never be Too cool to kick it Stop fucking around Can't get into Ram if you Don't have a degree Being with my dad And sister this week make me Wanna move back home? Step away from the Crime scene I'm the detective Of the baggage claim Don't be afraid of Working hard, don't be afraid Of doing your best Happy birthday, Queen Hope I hope you are having A beautiful day Even for those who Enjoy the bottle they have A brand preference They do have polar Bears, I imagine they can Be quite annoying Knowing my luck, I'll Probably get there and there Won't be any snow? We've had internet Out all afternoon, is it? Ever coming back? We don't need reform Learn how to be bullet proof Don't be a pussy Hopefully you all are Preparing self care in the Wrist of the bullshit I'm slowly learning Not to let my happiness Depend on others I really need to Go shopping and I have no One to come with me Adam's well don't come Running to me if you lose The use of your legs I now believe that Everything is only good At the beginning Once upon a time There was a chimera and It took you captive Just remembered it's Monday, tomorrow and now I'm depressed again My Valentine is Getting cooked in the A M Yeah, I love bacon That English muffin Is sitting in my stomach? Like a ton of bricks Not even a week's Warning, he's really trying To destroy us, huh? List personal skills Pretty good at peeling a Kiwi with a knife Bake pizza rolls Better, but ain't nobody Got time for all that Everything in this World gets easier once you Sell your soul to it Acting like she was Born with it always have to Have it in her mouth Tickets purchased for Mumford and sons in Cleveland Should be a good show Wish my bitches would Too, but if they did, it'd Be an empty room Faces sweaty arms And legs, what a glorious Set of stairs we make Stop pressuring girls To try anal if you're not Gonna try it, too You're not my father So don't fucking tell me what? To do with my life I'm tired and miss Matt, I just wanna go home And cuddle with him Just counted up how Many songs we have now been A busy few months Cristals are about As useful as traffic lights In Grand theft auto Okay, but like when Is Chase Atlantic coming? To the Philippines I was just joking I said hello, mate, someone Said I'm a mate now I'm thinking I might Stream tomorrow or Wednesday Evening we shall see People who reply? Under other people's threads Are going to hell? I still remember Believer in Santa Claus And the tooth fairy Y'all really need to Slow down, it's a process not A overnight thing All these motives and I'm wondering why I'm still I'll after a week Sorry to hear that I'm feeling it too, I think It's the time of year I stopped watching F F once they went from racing To saving the world Someone gave me a Rainbow Crystal and I can't Do shit with it yet Does anyone know? Where I can watch the falcon Heavy launch online You'll never stand on The mountaintop unless you've Stand in the valley Remove one tweet for [GLOCK] Create new tweet with Worse typo, oh well Do what you enjoy And don't let anyone else Tell you otherwise I feel so tired Of trying to forget or Continue my life God judges, not us That is a great weight lifted From our shoulders Okay, guess we're back With the gusts of wind after Two days of perfect Don't understand why Nothing works out for me, I Legit have bad luck Supper is done, kids ate dishes are washed time to Sit down and relax Yesterday was wild Y'all, I finally found out I love being choked I need extra love And that ain't even enough Where the fuck is, God? Higher than the sky And deeper than the oceans Is my love for you? Why have some people? Gotta be so cute like let Me give you my heart Can someone tell him? To stop banish him back to The fade or something Disney got some balls He said as if Disney wrote The Marvel movie So you posted the? Pic anyway, even though Your bra is too small Shopping in Nordstrom? Is dangerous, you see, too? Many things you like I could really a Break from reality and A hug from my mom Will check in later Again working on something For the contestants Sure, but there's also Danger of those involved can Blackmail the launder Corey Graham played Great in that win over New York football giants Fuck crawfish, you a Nause ditch mouth having, ahh? If you disagree I stir a little Cocaine into my coffee To jumpstart the day Watch these video Really makes my heart heavy Man, I hate this shit Aye, I'm early to Management for the first time This semester, yes I love that picture Of my huge victory, it's Just like being there Thank you for being Such an inspiring caring Kind hearted, human I've mastered the art Of skipping classes to work On other classes I'm done watching the New season of Black Mirror What do I do now? You were also my husband, but it was too weird So I took it off Aw, man, that's really Horrible news, hope you can All take lots of time So I'm gonna write Some beginning shit in the Morning, I'm tired Honestly, this year's Ramadan is a cake walk Compared to last year When will people stop? Flealing with my husband, I'm Gonna choke myself If you find yourself Pissed off, put on some music It will cheer you up I been doing stuff Around the house all day and I still need to cook Talk to yourself the Way you would talk to someone You love and value I'm really going To Vegas in two weeks, I Don't think I'm ready And yet another Doctor, visit to discuss A cyst that was found If you looking for Somebody to change your life Look in the mirror Come grab this beauty At swingers city until The end of the month Watching Colleen cry Was one of the wildest things I have ever seen El Paso was lit Austin was lit now, I'm back Home, thank you, Jesus I wanna work on Charms, but also I wanna Play video games Okay, no, it's not Okay, I want Jack and Jack In Brazil again These gender reveals Are getting wild y'all doing? Magic and shit now Why am I sitting? Here figuring out when should I file for taxes National Toast Day Best day of the year, unless You're out of butter I'm going to walk Out, but she's definitely Gonna call me back When you about to? Give up, remember why you Held on for so long Someone get me a Puppy, so I can fall in Love and cherish it Henry teases watch John Combs, Mrs McGror Aunt Jane melts Alice I just blocked people Until I'm calm enough to Y'all again, really Just wondering when It's gone, pay off for being A good ass female Sometimes making the Wrong decisions can lead you To the right places Many apples sprout In the forest galloping A long, long midday I'm Nikke and you're McDonald's I'm doing it And you're loving it I don't even want To go to work tonight can't Wait to get back home I suppose I will Go to the function tonight And drink about it I was doing some Goofy shit in the past, but I had to change that Honestly, I hope We get real Madrid would love To get some revenge Hey, if you listen To cigarettes after sex Then you can date me People that talk shit Behind your back are behind You for a reason Gotta say you have One of the nicest looking Cocks on Twitter X I met the sweetest Little pit at the dog park Today I love him I will always be The one that got away and I've excepted that The ring cycle is What you would get if Costco? We're to sell operas Happy birthday, Mon Ange, wishing you all the best I love you so much You will never have To force anything that is Really meant to be Has ruined this meme? Go ahead, ask him why he'll Be glad to show you Do y'all ever just? Wanna go back and relive? A moment in time Does the drudge ever? Get things right, OK, OK? So I meant correct I hate Glenn Danzig And all but mother and skulls Are absolute jams? Facebook needs a I Want you reaction because? This is not working If the people like It they will start to create Buzz about the song A man that stutters Died in prison, he could not Complete his sentence Someone pick me up And take me out, I'm crying And I need a friend I can never speak To someone again and I'd Be perfectly fine Command not one of My favorite Spielberg's But I do like it I'm grateful for what I have, but sometimes I feel Like I deserve more Can it stop raining? For like three minutes, so I Can go to my room I really wish it Was okay to call in for A mental health day Put all excuses Aside and remember this You are capable I hate the headlines And the weather I'm nineteen And I'm on fire Also the feeling Of not having a fucking Cactus in your throat Has he ever asked? You, if you wanted to get? Drunk and fool around Put simply, I'm dead Set against deciding by Rock paper scissors Are you serious? A Pentagon briefing for A freaking movie I'm all for hyping Another brown sister, but Kim looks way better Leaving a trail of Sticky pink horse carcasses Wherever she goes I'm so hungry and I don't want to make dinner When I get home, so Who are you really? Listening too, God or God Know the difference You and yo momma? Yo brother, yo cousin ain't Nothing but bitches There was a scary Bit with the mother of all Flying space lobsters I was thinking to Myself, this could be heaven Or this could be hell I need to follow New more people on Snapchat It's getting boring I love that picture Of pepper, stop meme ing her They don't deserve it They double tap it's A facts, sir, all the comments Say it's a snack, sir Keep putting on A Show people are starting to Figure you out now Everyone knows how To hate, but not many know How to truly love? Anyway, I should Get back to trying to grade And what not lol bye? Who remembers when? The fame monster came out we We're all freaking out Lemme, not indulge In this pettiness, it is Christmas after all Stop making robots It's not hard to understand How it could go wrong? I somehow manage To screw everything up and I'm so sick of it I enjoy my first Job, but my second one can Really kiss my ass It's reported for Our fake president, Trump They go hand in hand Nicki, her mind like Sis can pop out anytime Like I am shaking I'm gonna get my Pay for helping the writer With the article Depression is so Real to the point, you gotta Force yourself to eat Ah, hello friend of A friend, how are you doing? This fine day, eve d I deserve to get Trayed way than I do now But, oh, we'll fuck it Happy birthday, thanks For being a great person And a grater friend I paid attention To how u changed I'm never Enemying my pain It's amazing how People can be so alike But so different Do you ever just? Want to slam your body down? And zig a zig ah Finally back home About to try and get back In my routine You'd make cupid aim Away a bone arrow could Take the pain away Do you remember? The Halloween last year that We can't remember Only the chosen Can come to this sacred place How did you get here? Damn people can be So sassy, but then also Be too sensitive You already know Who this is about, no names? Need to be given The moment you stop Careful so greatly, you start Living more freely I'm just wondering If you thought I would forget Let this go, I won't I have been planning Your final performance for A very long time God everyone knows Each other so much makes me Want to fucking die? He's really not that Great, he decided to talk Shit about Maggie This balloon gave me In Milwaukee, the longest Is the tap water? Stupid people have So much confidence, bro dude In my bio class Oh, Zach, Noah Fence But you need a lesson in Spelling and grammar Yesterday was A Good day, but today I miss You so bad, my love Awesome, nice photo Of you both really hope I Get to meet you both So you're telling me It took a whole hour to Do the dishes, ugh? Damn every time I come on Twitter today It's some crazy shit I love my friendship With Kennedy, she is such A bitch, but my bitch In ancient Greece, the Common slang for a blow job Was playing the flute Forget the dishes Forget the studying crawl In bed and just rest Happy New Year, Jane I really hope this is a Good one for you, X If you ever need A hotel room, let me know lol, I might be nice I don't even know How much I really made I? Sorry, it's a lot Rollers and molly Are the best laxatives swear? Then shits be classic Girls get surgery All they pic captions be I Look like a stallion I'm somewhere between Giving up and seeing how? Much more I can take I'm going to scream Why is my mum commenting? On photos of me Happy new year to All my friends and family In mainland Europe The interview was Cute and the performances We're amazing, girl Nothing makes me feel Safer than tucking my top In my stockings All of my second Degree, I am thankful for The rest is Physics everyday y'all brag About how y'all don't tip we Get it, you're Ashy You look like Satan Hello, I'm Lucifer long Time no talk, brother Only we can stop It and it won't be easy Keep on keeping on I wonder if I'm Really going to be fine After all of this I have been away For awhile, please message me So we can catch up Really just wanna Move out West Bar hop daily And be a ranch hand August is coming Up fast, I'm starting to get A little nervous Rangers score to tie The game remembers the tank I am conflicted All this money come N goes so maybe I should Just blow it on you My favorite part Of cookie clicker is when The number goes up Fixing things is not An impossible task, but It is the hardest I almost hit two People and I'm just over Driving on campus I never should have SEDED my old Twitter I need followers Hi, is there any? Bars in Berlin showing the Celtic game tonight Why am I watching? Survival of the fittest I miss Love Island I would never wish To be skinny or petite I love being thick Have you ever heard? The sound of a rubber ball Breaking a window The Daily Question Of do I need coffee or? A stomach lining I know it's nothing New but still I'm just really Afraid to lose you I've never been a Fan of Childish Gambino Or Danny Glover? Depends on how well I know them other than that It ain't my business And, oh, you gonna Love me, your gonna wanna Hug me and squeeze me Nick is stopping in On a Friday night, I mean What have life become? Everyone knows what? I look like, but not even One of them know me It's not about love Of others you also have To love yourself too Can't go anywhere Without people shooting shit Up for no reason You gotta have a Good sense of humor for me To kick it with you You are allowed to Be both a masterpiece and A work in progress It's just a matter Of whether there's someone to Share it with or not My hair is getting Lighter skin's getting darker Life's getting better Could've went to work But man, I just don't wanna Be around people You were supposed to Defeat the soccer moms, but Yea, you became them Noah made my night I love my nephew so much He's six months today My boyfriend needs to Understand that I wanna Be single sometimes Be of good courage For God is with you always You are not alone Success happens when You agree to sow during The Times of Crisis Go run, lose yourself Down an unknown path, get lost No matter the cost Reminding to self Find the eyedrops before you Take your glasses off If you have something To say, tell me yourself not Have others tell me You're getting kinda [Cruely] Now my address is None of your business Educate him, put Him in parliament and we Have a bright future Kavanaugh says I May not always tell the truth But I never lie Who compared Samuel? L Jackson to a snapping Turtle, I can't breathe I like coding, but I hate other people's code And buggy engines Here lies David He Was the first person to beat? The game of the year I don't believe shit Until I have the receipts And the invoices Two of my biggest Dreams is to be a mascot A wedding singer I hope everything Falls into place one day and I figure shit out No other word's To describe my mind right now Other than broken Got my lashes done I'm in a better place now Better than ever Is it so unfair? When you are the only one Who feel hurt, unknown? My worst mistake was Telling my coworkers, I Hate Christmas music Nothing is worse than Having guests coming over? A Sunday morning I will forego the Red for now, but Rosa will Explain in my stead If anyone knows A girl scout I'm in desperate Need for some cookies? How can I transfer? Money that is in ma mind To my bank account I'm the reason why You're always getting faded Take a shot for me I've been working out Less but eating better and It's working wonders How many bridesmaids? Are you supposed to have or? Does it not matter? Nothing can compare To believing in someone Before they make it The arms are coming Out today and no one at This show is ready I keep my other Account on private cos I Tweet politics there I lost to Ernie Cantu, can you name a state? Without e in it If cleaning burned a Shit ton of calories I'd Be freaking skinny Perfect day to have The windows open and deep Clean the apartment That gives me enough Time to enjoy my own life And breathe a little Crazy thing is, I'll Always love him even when I'm not supposed to Today is the day You will be considered last Year tomorrow, lol 'Cause I'm telling you You're all I need, I promise You, you're all I see Kevin, keep up the %hating it's really working Out for you, loser Watching a star is Born, I already know it's Gonna fuck me up Mexico just feels Like home like I belong there I'm fucking sad now I suggest not to Make it a habit sleep is Way more important And excuse me, but I thought about twilight when I heard Debussy So, when's it going? To start being at least a Little warm outside I want someone to Cuddle me, wow I really? I'm hitting a low In fairness, you can Commit attempted rape and Still be a virgin Can you imagine? How much more psycho I would? Be if I did drugs Screw baseball season It's still hockey season and The stars are rollin' So used to smoking Backwood's now everything else Tastes nasty as hell I'm always the first One to text people and it's Kind of depressing As the day stretches I get more anxious just to Get a pre order In the middle of A gun fight in the center Of a restaurant What a beautiful Morning, no traffic because Everyone is home Philly fans have A [Message for you] No one likes Us and we don't care Self blaming is so Much destructive than blaming Others be careful I just wanna watch The office all day and not Study for finals Wah, up feeling like I should book a holiday So guess what I did Does a certain song? Ever take you back to when? Things were different Thank you very much For the follow, hope you have A lovely weekend You're offended by The things I say, imagine The stuff I hold back The song selection For these Walmart holiday Commercials are trash A glorious morn Without a cloud to be seen Why then do I cry? Damn, totally just Shot a dirty look to the Wrong girl, I feel bad Transfer the money This might come as a surprise Best regards, Mr Just lying in bed Wide awake work is going To be such a blast God, I'm so horny I need a nice pussy to Blow my load into Hey, ladies school is So mentally draining that's All I have to say This whisky got me Feeling pretty, so pardon If I'm impolite I wanted to take Ari with me, but she won't Fit in my suitcase I was planning on Going to sleep, but I can't Seem to fall asleep Okay, snakes, so when? Is the official release? Date for Valentine Sworn, Pa is confused As hell on whether it wants To be warm or cold Are you planning to? Open a store in Sydney In the near future Moon's in Capricorn My favorite time of the Month is here again Some people r just One in a million you need Then in your corner Can you imagine? What comic con is gonna? Be like this year, lol I don't wanna hear About your divorce and the Hoes, you got my boy? What gym you hitting? These days need a gym buddy Here, in a few weeks Between bear otis And my dog, Maya, I think I get enough love I treat my problems Like a bowling ball, I grip And keep holding on I refuse to wait Until the last minute to Buy present next year Stars fall into tears When I see your shattering Pain crawling awake I sprinted off the [ bleachers to Patrick and I Was sobbing so hard Excuse me, is you? Saying something, uh, uh, you Can't tell me nothing Why does listening? To sad music when I'm sad Make me feel better My heart is golden As well as my ambitions That's all I can say Proud to have landed My first history teaching Post for September I'm happy I don't Work today, now I could go Shopping, treat myself You make me happy Listening to you are my Sunshine by Moira Pretty sure this is The worst slate of NFL Games in history My puppy and Sean Are the best things to ever? Walk into my life Having no school is Cool and all but being stuck In this house is shit Trying not to fly Not asleep while taking this Driving safety course Oh, so orange hair For the teaser too, oh, my God big yes from me Peyton Sawyer is Not human, she's an angel And she's my angel I love you, Mikkel I miss you, Mikkel, save me A seat in heaven This cold is killing Me, but I shall power on And finish this week Shitty day at work But I was given head pats And pizza, so yay? Move Stan, u fucking Had a ticket to see them And you did not go Can't wait to finish My homework, so I can drink My wine and relax You already know Hunter Renfrow is getting Drafted by the Pats I can't believe it's Been over a week since my Life has gone to shit Gotta get some things In order before I book This trip to Dubai I'm really in the Mood to party, but I doubt It's gonna happen Sometimes you have to Take drastic measures to get The outcome you want? Wow, I really can't Go one day without coffee Before work, can I? The bathroom mirror At McDonald's makes me look Beautiful as fuck lp sleeves removed Music exists in the air Who then shall profit? I'm going too, if Something happens I want to See, I mean, stop it Merry Christmas, I Hope everyone has a safe And wonderful day Someone just asked me If I'm married, where is the? Money for wedding We are never lost We're always in the process Of becoming found Screams in agony I sure did manage to screw Up my knee today I really just drank The water I was soaking My paint brushes in Even as a crack Fiend, Mama, you always was A black queen, mama I don't hold grudges But I'm one person that will Make u eat yo words There are so many Fat squirrels in Boston, right? Now it is so cute I regret turning Away the people who cared For people who don't My phone is going To die, but Cheryl, if you See this, I love you My shoes are starting To break, so now I gotta Go buy a new pair In Dhaka, I want Full body massage by the Girl, please inform me Brownies are so soft And gooey, honestly the First love of my life People only want To talk when it's convenient And easy for them Honestly, I just Want to be able to paint? My apartment walls I saw you hiding In the ivy, I know you're Too afraid to call Stop being so damn Pretty karen, it's unfair To the rest of us I'm crying again Fuck, you just say, u fucking Hate me already I feel like even When I do nothing, I still Do everything wrong Coming home from work And changing into sweats is A vibe of its own August just told me You look really bad today Mommy and kissed me I can't keep seeing Mac, videos, they throw me In a dark place I'm already mad At myself for the money I'm going to waste Hay, Micky, hey, hey? Micky, your so hot, your so Fine, you blow my mind Ay, fellas, let's not Go out bad over Hoes das Such a sad story My emotions are So crazy right now, I just Kinda need a hug Jimmy Carter once Left nuclear launch codes in His dry cleaning oops Does anyone else? Get on Google Earth and look At random places Some people just love Reasons to argue, shut up And just enjoy life I will be streaming Union X tonight, but will Be later than planned Attention, please read If you get a friend request From me, don't accept I love my cowboys So much, but Jerry Jones is Pushing me away Wow, I'm not drinking For the rest of the weekend I am sick and sad Maybe you need to Find someone who you love not Someone who loves you I pledge allegiance To the grind I'm up early Trying to get mine Awesome stuff, let us Know how things go, enjoy the Rest of your day, Dan Is the office A? Funny show, recent debate Brought me to Twitter Sometimes I wonder If things were different, how? Would my life be now? When you cross over For somebody, they always Wanna turn on you? This week is dragging I'm thinking it's Friday and It's only Wednesday When you're ordering Food and the kid dancing to Freestyle dance music I'm projecting a Film about a guy who kills Frogs, what is my life? I've heard of Santa Claus, but Santa Monica Again, I'm in LA Sales people are so Enough learn how to take A no and move on Y'all see this little Girl hugging a salmon like It's a teddy bear You cannot change A Culture, you do not respect Sarah Jakes, Roberts I'm gonna listen When it hurts, I'm gonna hang Out, but never stay Nigger, go commit Seaver slide, it's not right to Hack people's accounts I am still waiting Senior Softball Best Game In The cause of Allah Carmen makes me want To be a total Shane Stan Pursually out of spite I need Twitter to Have this same energy when I get back to work Sometimes you have to Put your pride aside and put Your happiness first Olive Garden is Gross, and if you like olive Garden, you are gross I'm gonna be so Tired tomorrow, I should Took my ass to bed Random parts of the Day I just don't be feeling Good for some reason I'm sad I've never Got to see Michael Jackson Perform in real life I have to listen To at least one song before I can fall asleep Meeting my niece gets Me so excited for when My baby is here I did the chicken Tho she just getting home to? Finish the cabbage Horoscope said that We bad for each other, but The sex would be good I don't wanna be One of your girls, I wanna Be your only girl Putting my face up Coz, I will no longer live In fear of bullies All singles are not Really single, they all have Some untold stories Could be progressives Doing this to get focus Off the caravan Fairness and justice Come above everything, I Want no matter what? The weeds all rustle In Unison sweeping through The fig tree windows Diving is cancelled Tomorrow I have to drive Back to school today Muting you from my Life only made me want to Check up on you more Happy birthday too The most beautiful girl in The world, my daughter I got a feeling I won't be surprised by the Results of this poll K Marie, don't you? Wanna make some quick event? Pay money today Take all my problems And drink out a bottle and Fuck on a model Christmas around the Conner, better get the same Love I'm giving out A thread about the Need for compassion when A Life is in danger My guinea pig acts Like a little puppy and I love him so much I was always on Some solo shit, even when I ran with bitches People keep telling Me that I'm crazy like I Don't already know A mood, especially Since tomorrow is Monday And I woke all day I wonder if the Demons I live with will stay With me forever I promise to love You'and obey and hit it More than once a day Japan always looks Beautiful, I would love to Visit it someday Guess you never know What's gonna happen, so you? Do the best you can I'm planning to have A secured credit card can I get the gold card Dreading having to Go to Walmart in a bit I hate December Damn, bro going to The bars when you're underage Is so badass, dude? How u gonna get? A bag when u don't even Know what money is? Like I'm not even Even drunk I'm trying to Organise my shit Terrified of love It's just gonna fuck you up In multiple ways I live a simple Life, I listen to Childish Gambino, I write A grizzly bear would Beat the shit outta a damn Tiger, let's argue I wish Austin lived Closer so he could get lunch With me whenever Been laughing all day I'd rather make that a source Of income daily Maybe you don't know It, but I'm gonna be the Love of your life, R Wanna see Taylor? Act like a baby, let the Doc, bring a shot out Why the annoying? People from my class decide To sit next to me We'll ask nicely and Bend over present your ass To me, little one Nothing in the world Is black except for space and Nash's my brother I need to study But instead, I keep buying Stuff on Amazon Darn, I keep pressing My car alarm instead of The lock doors button Michael B Jordan Face is kinda chubby so I think I'm good now Beat the elite four So now I'm just waiting for Super smash Friday I told my brother That extra point is going To be difference If you defend my Name when I'm not around you Have all my respect Let me hurry up And finish my niece hair so I can take this ride Open today, start The day with a nice coffee And a friendly smile lol, I never have To spend my money on drinks When I go out, lol Sorry, it's late and I'm doing the thinking thing Hate when I do that Thanks for following Our team on Twitter, sven Have a great Thursday Been praying really Hard lately, I'm starting to Feel a lot better Worked all day today And Momma hooked me up with An Easter basket Stop asking stupid Questions ur wasting our Free answers, dumbass I don't eat spinach So I substitute it with Kale most of the time Her neck was smelling Sweeter than a plate of yams With extra syrup It's so exhausting To see what you people try To make into memes Hello, Chile, I'm Right above, wish I could say I'm glad to see you No one carded me Today are you telling me? It was this easy The bright future of Women hockey can be seen In this pic, God bless! Today it is soo Hot I am now thinking off Opening the gate I can't stop farting Probably all the bud light I drank yesterday Is it really so? Hard, really, so hard to stop Acting like a bitch? Gonna see things from A new perspective tonight And I'm excited Really trying to Go to Rocky Point this spring Break w friends I'm gonna need that Full serial killer song By Lana Del Rey Name a better pair Then a cold morning and a Hot cup of coffee Gotta drop Beasley Off my fantasy squad now He has to retire I only love two People that listen to the Beatles, my dad and I will always cry Over the last of us, it Means the world to me Like Olympics got Gold medals, but none of that Mean nothin'to me Have fun in Berlin Do lots of sightseeing and Take lots of pictures Today is the day Let's pah tae oops gotta feed All the horses first New Year's Day concert World class life, ambition to Go to one one day This is the only Time I'll say this, but Brandon Looks so good today It really sucks to Have somebody on your mind And you not on theirs Everyone needs a Il Gemini in their lives We bring the party I can't even sleep Too long, I am too stressed And now worried, too I wonder if there's More to life than just being Tired all the time The corporate world Likes to fuck people over Any chance they get? Then old videos Of the person u once thought Would be forever Good afternoon, I Have an announcement, I still Miss Barry Allen When I was little I wanted a sand pit now I want a sand box Alright, let me go To sleep, taxes are filed and It's almost Friday My game is taking Too long to download what is Up Apple Nation Magic Shop makes me Wanna cry now that I know? What the lyrics mean? Boasted side of Twitter What videos would you watch? During dinner time This fan coming out Of hiding tonight, Aye Cus I lil hot right now Hopefully I can Sleep in my room tonight, hate Sleeping on the couch? Now everyone can Tune into the heat getting Washed by the Raptors Sorry, I don't know You but happy birthday hope You have a great day I really don't ask For much, just for people to Be upfront with me Also, if your not A fan of cheesecake I can Make them without it I kinda want to Be a firefighter like how Badass, would that be? I'm going to sleep And post all the videos I have tomorrow Rid me of myself I belong to you, lead me Lead me to the cross Update: I'm supposed To be getting a new mail Man, on Saturday It's always wet a Bitch never ever had to Use lip gloss on it Hi, can someone help? Me with a question about Paying in a cheque? My skin so oily And I hate it, pimples pop Up out of nowhere I just remembered That one time when Nikki said Jonah and the Ark Wanna stay in the? House today, but I also Just wanna get out I lost the charger To my good vibrator, I'm Even more upset Call me Master Ze Greatest I can't anymore Come collect your boy Milano, you know? Who's a fool anyone who? Supports Donald Trump People still hoping Beautiful boy will do good Guys, open your eyes This creamy chicken Florentine pasta looks like A real crowd, pleaser Before sleeping most People will imagine stuff They want to happen I really need to Log off after reading that Lauren Southern tweet lol, when they gonna Learn to keep the cameras Out the locker room I can't trust someone Who has dirty black ass feet? Then gets in the bed Good, I love fucking Being in pain, thanks to my Body, I love you Some people are A Blogging some are a lesson Know the difference I'm so tired of Working everyday, I don't Have time for myself Bro people swear you Be acting funny when you Keeping your distance I honestly can't Wait for summer and spending All my time outside The defense has been Bad today and it's hard to Win when that happens Corner, good name, I Believe that dog is a cane Corso, massive breed Starting today I'm Enforcing my right to say No signed management Why is everyone? Sleeping, I need my Twitter To still be alive Chris Levt was Off to such a terrific Start injuries, suck Dang, I forgot that I got this whole ass speeding Tickets to pay for People make mistakes Will even the people that? We love the last song Well, today I played Two back to back adult league Soccer games so same I'm sure Germany Would really agree with that Oh, wait, nevermind I'd gladly lend you My ears, if you need someone To talk to Iris This morning, sickness In the middle of the night Is kicking my butt? He's the president He can't keep his movements a Secret, you dumb ass There's a video Out there of me shaking my Ass and I want it How many times does? Adams have to be hit for A foul to be called Might not be active For a couple hours, but For a good reason OK, that's it banned From Thai series until the End of semester Coming home to food Is the best feeling next to? A after school nap Nothin beats bein'at Work and getting the telltale Signs of a migraine I just can't believe We are living in the same Age as Courtney Act lol, bro understand The boy I don't even see Him as an adult Don't throw away the People that were down for you From the beginning Is there anything? Better than waking up to The smell of bacon All the distractions In the world can't take away How you really feel? Malibu Nights is The only thing I have been Relativeing all day I was just about To make something to eat and My power goes out Our future will Only have happiness so Put away your fear All I'm waiting for Today is this Cavaliers? Vs Celtics game I was trying to Follow some new people, but I got too anxious I'll probably be 'Sale tomorrow with no Begin at all Good morning to all A big breakfast would be good On a cold morning My sat got cancelled I can't believe I get to Live another day Truth in humor is The first law of comedy It's absurd, but true I can't believe we're All about to get really Old and out of touch I really need to Get in the gym and abuse Someone on the court Should have a second Window so you can return Your messed up coffee Steve Kerr can only [Laugh in amazement] Right now Clippers are ballin' Breast cancer, if you Have it in your family Lineage that too I never know how To define love until you Came into my life I've cried every Night of summer so far, please Someone get me drunk What has happened to? Your awesome show on sky news Business on Thursdays Richard Stallman can Leave neutral or negative Feedback on eBay Don't tell anyone About your beautiful things Keep it inside you Could really go for A drake Christmas album, if I'm being honest Multiple cups of Coffee in one day, let's you Know it's final's week I'm at a crossroads Trying to do a deal for A bag of quavers Merry Christmas to All of us around the world I love you, all guys I envy those girls That can take a peng picture With no snap filter My baby is gone And the wedding I'm at is Almost over, lol I like this flower I'm going to put it on My enemy's skulls If you wanna talk About shit, call me, don't play Games legit man up Just remember that Someone would do anything Just to see you smile You say we gonna? Lose every week, do you? Get tired of it Tired of people That wanna try and make my Decisions for me Sometimes you gotta Make some compromises to Get out of the woods When you're trying to Get sleep, but the animals Wanna fucking play? Calling it a day I still have few hours for My Sunday rest day Even if you are A great runner, you cannot Run away from death Happens once, then you Think it's okay to let it Keep happening, no My baby just called To say Merry Christmas and It was the cutest I should have ordered My shit and went by myself Like I started to When you call Shotgun? But your big sibling wants to Sit in the front too Still remember when? We used to hype them during Our high school days My horoscope told Me, I'm gonna loose my shit At least twice today Thor must be also The god of partying, lol Happy New Year, Jay You should be writing Like an about face in love With a paradigm We always need that Someone to remind us how Wonderful we are Someone tell me how It is possible to miss A girl band so much I don't understand How people can fall asleep? Laying on their back Is there a website? I can go get that sweater And how much are they? Longest week ever Bro, I don't even wanna Come in tomorrow I promise you that Nothing will take me away From you except death In theory, I don't Understand traffic on the Freeway like just go If you've ever done Me dirty, I swear on my Mums, I forgive you Honestly still don't Know the difference between? Honey and syrup Working outside sucks I'm about to go work at A bowling alley I was the angel Gabriel once and I'm still An attention whore? Murray saw Fleury Got a shutout last night, so He wanted one too Even though we are Separated, I still take Confirm about you Looks like every Version of Call of Duty But with nicer rooms Don't forget to thank God for every blessing Even the small ones Don't you dare ever? Let yourself forget just how Very much you are Mother Nature in North Carolina like y'all Want snow or pollen? Ashton and Louis Are so pretty I'm gonna? Go cry, be back soon Hate early morning Classes, but I have to work In the evenings so Without you, I'm all Among who gone, pray for me Take my pain from me I just started to Cry because post Malone came And that's my baby's It's Saturday night And I'm at the gym instead Of out at the club Wow, I really thought That was funny, thank you for Sending it to me The parade is right When I gotta go to school Can y'all postpone it? I'm very stressed out So I'm just gonna stay on Twitter for awhile If you're going to Call me annoying, at least Do it to my face Finally got some Needed sleep, it's so empty And quiet here now To my lover I'd Never lie, he said, be true I swear I will try Surely someone has This blanket just sitting in A closet somewhere My stomach needs to Get better, I'm tired of Not eating full meals Trying to keep it Peaceful is a struggle for Me I felt dat shit It'll be too late In his career for it to Make a difference The current office Temperature is set to sac Levels of frigid He said we're going To Disney hard to believe Let's just wait on it Small circle, it's a Chosed few, I wrote it down Then I follow through Sometimes I want to Transfer other days I don't Might as well go home People really get Mad at you, cause you wanna? Focus on yourself Ledford, he said you We're going to taco bell To get him some food Broda, what if they're? His sisters, will you call the? Clan leaders as well Hoop fans are feisty Tonight and I love it means March is almost here Wishing I was brave Enough to post a writer [Miracle] But I'm not She's so beautiful I can't believe that kind of Creativity still exist Being in college Is not an excuse to not? Act like an adult Baby shower soon Stay open for an invite Don't want to miss it Tennis looks so slow And boring when this other New guys are on court My legs are covered In bruises and I truly Don't understand how Really wish I was Back over there to cuddle Why did I come home? If I could furnish And decorate homes all day I'd be happy, lol It's very hard to Not go back to the person U gave your all too Every year, when? It's my birthday, I drunk the Whole bottle of wine I was supposed to Come back inside study, but I'm beyond sleepy I'm ready to go Home, I miss my sisters and My niece and my weed So I'm looking at Moving out, but I don't know Where to even start? I have a burning Hash for frogs because of How nifty they are? I'm learning to love Myself and it's really a Good fucking feeling My phones about to Die, but I'm about to watch Ready, player one Cuddling is a great Invention, I love nothing More than to be held Hospital tour was So amazing, I can't wait To have my baby You are going to Be okay, no matter what? I'm going to stay Bitch, I'm so jealous Right now I'm going to Throw myself away I can't fucking wait For the month of December So many great things I'm trying to go Get my nails done before I Get on the highway That's my father, I'll Do my best not to tarnish The family name Teacher, why is your? Skin so white, that is because I am in fact white I think I'm going To switch up on y'all before The semester starts I ain't trusting shit That come out, nobody mouth You gotta show me I always end up In the wrong, even when I Don't do anything Sad news veteran Journalist Ian Boyne passed Away this morning Food is the reason I both love and hate coming To my sister's house May I find someone? Who respects me and tries for? Me in the future Believe or not this Is still my favorite jam? And will always be I have the weirdest Lunch today, potatoes, peas Pizza and chicken I saw the raven Between lovers, calmness, cries Passion never builds It's amazing how Talking to someone puts you In such a good mood Taylor went home and Real life forgot about me Like, wow, fuck you too Hey, have any of? You heard of this Ted Bundy? Guy, what a whacko? If we tried again Would you keep doing the same? That you did before Except for you, James Eat a giant stinky dick And choke on it, James Stay true to yourself Don't worry bout others and What they say or do? The audience cares More about the process than The finished product It's so fun having Friends that love the Indians As much as I do Funny how I don't Ever see women shopping? For Valentine's Day I don't wanna live Forever 'cause I know you'll Be living in vain Great to hear Ryan Thanks for taking the time to Let us know, thanks, eh? This is exactly Why I only play with A? Select few females Get your calendars Out ladies and gentlemen Let's do some adding Hate having days off During the week, then having To work all weekend My day will consist Of sleeping facing a blunt And dying at work I'm really glad that This has all be sorted out For you, Alice Rob Also my leggings Smell so fucking good, I'm just Standing here smiling When you're trying to Eat better, but you really Want to eat pizza? Unsure if these are Craps or if my body is Trying to kill me Some people find that It's easier to hate than To wait anymore I love Layla so Much what a beautiful and Warm, hearted woman These barracks are so Old and shitty, I doubt they Have fire alarms I'm not even all That baby, I just want you To come lay with me Harry Kane must be One of the worst players to Win a golden boot Does that mean people? That do night shifts only nap During the day, P Lemme, take you out To eat then later you can Sit down, let me eat I just can't chuckle At trump jokes anymore, I Don't see why I would To those working all The best and enjoy for the Rest of your life too Producer San, please Keep me company during Practice a bit more I'm working on A Edit and it's so stressful I wanna give up Jamie said it looks Like an alien laid eggs Where my tonsils were If you ain't learning More and growing everyday What are you doing? So many perverts Would probably fuck on A Public sidewalk too I can't decide if I should do my homework or Watch dirty dancing Kelly, how bout we? Both enjoy food and YouTube 'Cause I miss you, lol I want someone to Give me money as much as I hand out money I do it without Even tryin'don't need to Talk, I stay silent Merry Christmas, take! This time to focus on you You deserve a break My heart is racing The club is gonna be the Fucking death of me Can't expect someone To depend on you and you Can't depend on them He himself chooses Not to read it, letting a (sigh out) Finally Can you compliment? Me on something other than How cute I am, thanks Ever since that deer? Ran into my car last year I've been traumatized Who wanna send me? A booty pic before the World get invaded I rarely get so Afraid that I cry and it's Happened twice today I really pray and Hope nothing bad comes out of This heavy rainfall Your eyes remind me Of the devil, and this is A Christian Twitter Have you ever just? Wanted to tell you problems Give me a minute What a perfect piece Of hitting by freese, that is Why he was picked up? I'm pretty good just Heading out to the last day Before winter break I love staying up Late until I have to wake Up in the morning Rugby Union must Be the most boring game in The entire world I feel like making A lot of bad decisions Somebody stop me I forgot I have A heated mattress pad, I Have been a cold fool I always manage To spill a drink on myself Why am I like this? Twitter, make my life Decisions for me where should I go to college This reminds me of The tree that beat up Harry And Ron in the car Baseball is trash I'd Rather sit in jail than watch A game of baseball I've never been so Content with myself and life And I'm loving it If anyone wants To make me happy, you know What you can do, X? Your wife being a Whore has nothing to do with? A peaceful protest I'm completely thrown Off, did we already lose? The hour or what? Gravy is my main Star everything else on that Plate is a sub plot I don't really like Welsh food, but slap some mayo On it, try it out Is it too early? For me to be listening To Christmas music Tom has a backache I'm afraid we have no choice I must speak with you I just need something Good to happen right now I'm Hopefully it's coming I went day drinking With a woman twice my age And it was a blast Being sick is trash When you don't got nobody To take care of you OK, but fry's rice Protein and chia nuggets R my fave thing, X Might take a shorty To an Ela Mai concert And leave with Ela Does anyone live? Near Antwerp and wanna get? Ice cream or a drink I made myself fake Orders to get out of A Lease anyone else? I think I'm gonna Cave and actually start Going to the gym? Like the other stuff Is scary and upsetting? They'r fucking kids Never stop trying Or showing you care in you'll Have me forever Anna has left me To suffer and I am not Here for it at all Yes, I also want All the needles in my back Right now, all of them I'm really going To get on my YouTube shit I keep falling off Always a great show With you, boss, appreciate The great work you do Can someone bring me? Peanut butter to my house I will pay you, please I'm always nice to Strangers, you never know who Needed that that day My roommates, really Make me mad sometimes, can I? Just live on my own No, really, but when The right person raps offbeat It sounds amazing Why do I always? Get soft when I'm supposed to Be doing homework Hello, yes, heaven I was wondering when u Could make me an eve I'm working on my Anger though, so I'm gonna Breath and let it go Hey, Bud, how about? You leave some women out here For us ugly fucks Y'all buses are just Going to come whenever? They feel like it, huh? This clearly shows we Have a shit hole, President Good night, everyone I really need to Make more of an effort in Finding new music My momma raised me Better than that I'm going To start being nice Alright, fair enough Guess I gotta stick to not Eating like shit now Trees and ornaments Sprinkles on my donut bitch Tears return to soil Doing a face mask? And drinking wine best way to Spend a Sunday night Nothing pisses me Off more than people who have A staring problem Happy birthday from Me and baby Aiden hope You have a great one Why did she even? Have a glitter filled party Popper during sex I'm really out here Blogging in a parallel Universe I'm sick Work so fucking hard Just for you as a father To take all from me Whoa, I can't even Handle all of today's news Where to even start? I hate when someone Looks familiar, but I can't Tell where I saw them I like the pictures And how they don't show any? Knowledge of physics My favorite thing To do is narrate peoples Stupid Facebook posts When the circus comes In the house, I like to Grease it with a dance Women in suits are The most powerful creatures In this universe Waking up to some? Durant, ugly ass cramps, ya I'm done for the day Thanks for the follow Uncle, I hope you have a Very fine Thursday I'm not like other Girls, my favorite song is Colors by Halsey Today I wrote my Last management schedule and Boy, does it feel good? It's very hard to Be me, I can't read Twitter Without my glasses Dying to heal? My thyroid has been a bitch And it's not done yet I convinced Lex to Try a new fluid art style And damn it's fire Who really gives a? Shit, she is not president Talk about obsessed I asked yesterday But I lost the tweet, someone Throw me some icons Really wanna lay Up tonight, but fuck that shit Might as well pop out Some people just want Attention better off not Giving it to them And that scene, Peter Is buried under rubble? Just ugh so well done How I worried sick? About you, you don't respond When I check on you It's great waking up Without hangovers, I don't Know how I do it Hey, how you doing? My name is lonely, is nice To meet you, my dear Sometimes I wish I Jus never said anything To a single soul Maybe one day, but Even one day with us is The time of her life Sleeping pattern is Fully fucked, why do I? Do this to myself I'm sitting in the (Casale) Parking lot thinking That I need a hug Gotta watch who you Fuck with not everybody Who they say they are? It's not working more Women are filing to run Than ever before And the day after I recommend these, they start Giving me problems Did early voters? Use different machines, did They have same issues Oh, my dear heaven Is a big bang now, gotta Get to sleep somehow Don't call me lazy If I'm not lazy, I work For mine constantly My barber, really The truth, people stay asking Me who lined me up I really hope this Is true because if it is I'm happy for her I'm pretty sure that All of us are going to Die someday, Moron I'm chipotle, right? Now ducking the hell out of My old coworker Tune into Snapchat To watch takeover before It's gone forever I'm so tired, but It's Saturday and I ain't Staying my ass home I'm trying to sleep But hockey Twitter is just On fire right now On Valentine's Day Don't say anything that makes Someone else feel bad Trying to get drunk Smoke and go to the movies With someone tonight Okay, I need more Whet and lashes and I can Get this day started Hard to figure out My kind when I'm focusing On you close to me Wow, I can't believe I'm the best person alive As of this moment I got McDonald's After work today and now Everything is good My mouth's about To be so reckless with no Shame, I promise you I'm so tired of Hearing her call my name Dude Stop calling my name Nothing goes right in Life and I am ready to Lay in bed and cry Only problem is My belly, that's popping out But no be today The last episode Of the vampire diaries Forever kills me I miss Ikon, please Come here again, I wanna Meet you guys again Need some havana? Twist or box braids tired of This little ass puff Yup, that's exactly Right, that's our corrupt P M may God help us Afternoon in school The last lesson: a poem By D H Lawrence Miami right now Blogging our cruise ship in The next few hours Everything I cook Is so delicious someone? Fraud me already I love making lists And I love ticking things off My lists even more The figure skating Females from the Olympics Are so beautiful It's going to take More than a sexy voice to Get on my good side I'm gonna go waste My time playing superstar Instead of threading I would never be Happy in my life, if you Do not complete it Has amazing songs Ranging in politics on? Here, watch Quantico Have a feeling I'm Finding a good woman when I move to Vegas It's a vicious one So look after yourself night Nurse helped me a bit Nothing gets you up Faster than the sound of you [Sick daughter] Heaving Word, we are happy You are happy thank you for Your support, Eric You can always plan A beautiful picnic, but Never the weather Going to my first Super Bowl, I hope to see My Patriots win I think baked chicken Lingus, peas and rice is on The dinner menu You ever try to? Correct yourself and then say The wrong thing again Did you pay respect? To your cousins, Tommy and Peter for their loss I want coffee, but I don't want the calories In coffee, so, uh Is lemonade mouth? Really a band, I thought it Was just a movie Thank you very much And a big amen to that Have a good weekend I'm gonna work hard This month I really need to Go to their concert Okay, whose taking? Me to see fifty Shades freed On Valentine's Day Remember it won't? Matter in the future as Much as it does now And maybe I just Don't matter to you as much As I thought I did William Legge blocks Me just for proving him wrong On his little tweet The huntress slowly Sat up, a smile was forming By her lips, I know It's finally nice Out and I never want to Go inside again We sit here stranded Though we're all doin'our Best to deny it I'm doing my threads In small segments, so I don't Piss everyone off This is probably One of the funniest things I've read in a while Really wanna just Take a ride, not even get Out the car, just ride How about you, ban? The accounts of people who Exploded the glitch Zach and Charlie are Still sleeping wonder when my Children will wake up Fuck everyone, Jo Is my fucking best friend and? I love her so much And I'm terrified 'Cause I know if this happens It'll be the end Hey, Merry Christmas Even though this is late, are You in Bakersfield? I'm starting to think My mama, love my boyfriend More than she love me Call me mental, but The happiness of killing Moisteria is real Learning how to play The guitar, so I can write Sad songs about you Gotta stop stressing Myself when you don't even See to give a fuck Ice barraged my son He slips this under my door And won't go away Wear ur lavender Hair again for the album Cover, thank u next All you gotta do Is try to fail or succeed? You first have to try Rest in peace, Mrs Woody, you will forever Be missed by many The neophyte and Liar is paradigm shift In your opinion I love my salon Even on a slow day, it's Always a good day Liam was the last Thing I expected, but the One I needed most No exes from me For u bitch, just eternal Love, huh, stupid bitch When our offense Looks like that I wanna go Take a cold shower Honestly, if you Hand me a wood after that How could I be mad? Edward R either You're a stalker or someone Gave you my number Just washed our cars It starts to rain this always Happens to us, lol Some people piss me Off so bad, I can't even Fucking, explain it Holding on I'm lost In a haze fighting life to The end of my days I'll be more annoyed If after prom don't happen Then actual prom If I'll ever have A movie the title will Be my life and why's? Someone take me to Drink and appetizers, I Need some alcohol? Gaetz won't be around But a minute more he's done And ugly as sin Just remembered how Riverdale ended and now I'm in a bad mood I'm the only one Active on my timeline this Is my life summed up? Everyone wants to Go get drunk and I'm over Here wanting to die Kinda feel like shit Kinda just got a headache Kinda just tired Yay, happy new year I'm getting ready for some Cam time come see me I think all football Fans can agree that this is An absolute joke Drake is the greatest No argument best concert I have been too wow Everytime I have Dreams about my pregnancy This boy is in it Advil saved my life And my mood today I need A life time supply No one's about to Sit down and listen to me Talk for an hour Age brings wisdom, but We'd rather it just bring a Good bottle of wine Keep going, fat boy Give Bannon a reason to Tell all about you I don't wanna hear Sad songs anymore, I just Wanna hear love songs? When will people grow? Up and stop trying to hit Animals with rocks Exactly just like Vegas can be yourself or Whoever you want? If you ain't posting On social media, they'll Forget about you Some of you, truly Believe Johnny can't sing or Dance, lol, OK then? That stinks, I better Get to talk to you today Merry Christmas, son I'll suck horseradish Souce right out of the packet I don't give a fuck I can't wait until I get to meet my little Fur nugget, baby So many stabbings? Going on in London, right? Now, pretty scary When the people we? Love are broken, we help them Pick up the pieces Have you ever had? A dream where you've only had One eyebrow coz same Record of the year Newcomer best male female Album of the Year Why do I always? Get into arguments with Older white women My only choice is To run because my past is Going to follow? My Saturday night consists of wine and Ahs what? More could I ask for? Yass early finish Time to go home, watch TV And try, get better I feel this planet Unfit for me, can I have? Another one, please She should really be Sleeping if only the world Was that kind to her? Cowboys are on A Silver platter for y'all and Your shitting the bed Fucking murder me Everything is just hitting Me all at once why? It's been three hours For revising and I think I've reached my limit If it were being Prepared by a renowned chef Would you eat a dog? The forbidden one Knows no limitations, you Disgusting old hag Wanna take good care? Of the most fragile diamond I will never have Another bad day At the office for Boris Johnson in Moscow I really really Hope that my hustle offends The shit outta you Bacardi sneaks up On you boy hitting it with? That every time Okay, the weather In the morning, not stopping My bike ride, baby Nothing's gonna hurt You baby, nothing's gonna Take you from my side Don't worry about What to wear today, your smile Goes with any clothes? Imagine yo girl In the front row, catching all Herpe's sweat bullets This wisdom teeth med Is no joke, holy shit, I? Thought I overdosed Hard to believe what? The Lions are doing to The Patriots, huh? What Vegas has done? This year is incredible But that run will end Move whole over A Couple places, this is why I'm not a writer Promise to love you And obey you and hit it More than once a day If your serious About your diet you have To cook for yourself When is McConnell? Going to be exposed as A Russian asset Evans, you bet you There, Mike, let me think about It and I'll come back My auto correct Anal fucked me, I meant to Fucking say prove it The Met Gala is My favorite red carpet Evening of the year Who invented the? Old crusty parts of the bread I just wanna talk No longer a blank Canvas as I don't know how I feel about it Tonight was all good Except my parents bugging The shit outta me I have Gremlin's socks On someone remind me to Take photos later I hate being late But somehow I manage to Do it all the time Y'all ever get ur Period, just to flex on These fasting bitches It was spinner N Alex, who got Jimmy shot? Don't argue with me Another year of Being single and lonely On Valentine's Day After all, I've said And posted here in Twitter I take it all back Just saying I think That is one of the sexy Look on a woman These days, everyone Is rapping, but rapping is Not for everyone I have eaten if Our tax dollars can go Toward saving them I try my hardest To be the best girlfriend, I Can possibly be For a second there It looked like Villanova Had something going I'm a logic fan But that biracial meme will Always be funny Gucci should win A Gramy for his vocals on Wake up in the sky I should be sleeping But instead I'm up reading Lupin fan fiction Learning to cook is Slowing becoming a new Kind of therapy I can't fool myself I don't want nobody else To ever love me Maybe they judge my Intentions, but either way I'm on my mission lol, y'all really gave Up dick for a coochie to Clap on y'all booty Many folks want the Kingdom of God, but not the God of the kingdom Still awaiting my Order your tracking service Makes no sense at all We really gotta Go back to school tonight and Go to class all week Crazy when you get A lil money, people start To complement you It was chili oil That used a dagger to break The tennis racket I'm about to watch A star is born everyone This is not a drill Gotta clean out some Photos, so I can take more Photos of my dogs I just wanted your Attention, I'm sorry for Asking for too much Man, I be smacking The shit out of my alarm (clock in the morning) How do you respond? To someone who tells you you Have innocent eyes Having a nosebleed? Over the sink, me to sink Is this good for you? I'm always at the Lexus dealership, they might As well hire me Salty, I missed that Run from Chubb, I walked away For one minute, lol Anyone know where? I can get a job Sundays Only but makes bank Always that one, co Worker that wants to yap on A Monday morning I will never call My sister or brother, My Half siblings simple Sweetie, little Jean By cage the elephant from Tell me I'm pretty Don't tell me nothing That's going on in the hood I don't reside there That really hit me Like, why do I even still? Care about people In matters of the Heart, use your head even when Your heart has agreed No more sad campaigns Please, I end up hating all If it years later Wow, I really don't Understand how some people Never matured, lol No sympathy here Racist bitch got exactly What she voted for No one will ever 'Truly be as down for me As I am for them I pleasure your mud Coughd asshole as you disdain My begging hormones I barely slept last Night because I am so scared For my interview I badly want to Eat the chicken, but I'll just Save it for later The older I get The better my body looks I ain't mad at it Very thankful to Those who appreciate me And do shit with me I'm gonna smile, cause I deserve to it'll all Get better in time Some people are gold And some are just gold plated Know the difference I dunno what makes People think they can use you To get what they want Cute punt formations Make me vomit in my mouth Just a little bit I keep messing up My threads, so I'm just gonna Go to sleep goodnight I gotta watch out For these girls that I refer To as my friends lol Waiting to get called For my job interview and I'm getting nervous I just bit into A rotten apple, so that's How my days going? Next female, I date I'm having dinner with her Ex before I cuff Please, pacers we want To watch someone else lose in The finals this year I got acknowledged By nellie from drugs lab, wow? She knows I exist And they were saying Depression is just a play Of the mind again Please, you already Have my whole entire heart What more do you want? Fair enough, we might Be defensive, we're just not Very good at it Everywhere is A Map of itself, u just have To get high enough You acting funny? All of a sudden, well, bitch Say you don't love me I want a necklace From Pandora or a cute Little pinky ring I either just saw A squirrel, eat a snail whole Or I need more sleep Gutted for ya, mate But criminal minds will see You through easily Some of the lovely Goodbyes on offer today Come and check it out Select your mouse to Click the like button on your Monitor screen, please Why do people love? Scaring movies so much like I can't handle them lol, I'm not even Supposed to be eating out? So that's what I get I stay having to Proterate her ass on Twitter To get a text back Did you designers? Call from a woman, call it It is unsightly Everything that comes Out of Donald Trump's mouth It's nothing but lies May cannot come quick Enough cannot wait to meet My beautiful girl Writing is very Good for a person I can See why people blog My kitchen floor has Becoming a safe place to sit And do some thinking How am I supposed? To survive until Friday With no tobacco If I'm still trying To love with my broken heart You can copy me Happy Easter, Claude To you and your family Have a lovely day I'm gonna assume You never walked into an Aldi, before this Dammit, look at them Going and attacking from? All over the place It's not difficult To not worry, what other? People got going Next weekend, I have Off I'm gonna attempt to Paint my makeup room Promise is made just To make someone expect and Get hurt in the end Fencing you was a Complete and utter waste of My valuable time Claim I'm going to Wash our hair tomorrow I really need too Everytime I see Something about Mac Miller I still get so sad There's an episode Zero, who gonna be kind? Enough to share it Wow, what a struggle To get up this morning and It's only Wednesday I wonder what it's Like to communicate like A normal person Trump has a fixer With a shingle, come one come All how can we help? I gotta get out Of West Bend, I'm getting real Sick of everything I will never be An adult there is too much Fun being a kid I just wanna go Home and smother, my desi With love and kisses Yesterday was my Last day of eating beef and Porch for the summer Thank you, Eric, for The visit we look forward To working with you Can I start dressing? Hunter like Shane West in A Walk to remember All this pressure and These cramps need to go away I'm not in the mood I introduced Kurt To Riverdale now it's took Over my boyfriend Set my alarm clock In the morning, so I can Get ready for work Kids are telling me And looking at me like I'm An adult, help me I hope you never Waste a moment of your life Afraid to change it Tell me about it My relationship with y R goes back to birth I'm a hour late For work and I honestly Just wanna stay home Take away my eyes Take away my ears, take it All away from me I hate going to The dentist alone, like I Need moral support I got my senior Quote: He loved asses so much That he became one What would you advise? You suggested it yourself I kind of like you Sometimes I wonder Why the hell do I even? Fight the depression Happy Mother's Day To all the mothers out there Enjoy your day, loves I'm about to go To Walmart and just airdrop My business flyer The older I get The harder it is to fall Sleeping and wake up No one is ready For what I have under my Sleeve, not even me About to start the First leg of my Japan trip Driving to Waco? I can't imagine Sleeping without ac in This crazy mad heat I'm supposed to be Using one word, but lol, I Got too much to say Nevermind we will Be ending the team thanks for All the support boys Was away for the Weekend, but my soccer picks We're still on fire It's great when having To explain to some asshole What sarcasm is? I really want to Try my hand at spoken word Poetry this year You ugly, I don't Even think that's possible Even if you tried Your tweet today is Happy Easter, don't eat too Many Easter eggs Gosh, it really kills Me that I will be missing All country concerts Keep an open mind About everything it's not Always as it seems If I'm wrong about This I'm happy to retract The previous tweet I honestly love Talking to old people, they Have the best stories Favorite men are Leo's, but their egos will Make you dislike them Why am I nervous? I don't like this feeling I'm Going back to bed? Why follow me and? You never like my posts just Asking for a friend Observe the haters Bro, the true fans will always Be here for you, bro If you hold grudges Against people you're doing No good for yourself I really wanted To do my makeup, get cute And go out tonight I'm grateful I got People in my life who don't Wanna see me lose? Luis is nesting So hard not even me, dude I just wanna chill I'm about to drive Around a hunt, this mailman Down for my package I really want to Cry because I can't seem to Do anything right? I think I'm gonna Try doing some landscape y Concept art tonight Get away from me Before I do a twilight And rip off your head I always thought that What I'm doing is enough But it never did Mitchell is off to The locker room, oh, my gosh This game is over You don't eat any Meats or seafood any more? Or you just cut back? Nobody else raps Like, Pablo Juan, he got that I just woke up, flow Do you believe that? Your soul can be intertwined With someone else's People come and go And now I am asking you Will you leave also? I watch everyone Play my real team will always Be in my header Not gonna hold you I know this a lyric, but This might be my life I would rather stay Single than being taken Taken for granted I'm going to start Wearing Hawaiian shirts and No one can stop me Squat for every Second, ur pizza roll is In the microwave When does the jersey? Shore Reunion season start Asking for a friend Should I accept this? L or should I attempt to? Restore what I can Honestly, we don't Merit Alicia keys, there's No way she's human People care so much About looking good that they Forget to feel good All of my brothers We equal, I play my part Too like a sequel I think I'm gonna Need a sailboat just to get Out of my driveway Not guilty, my ass Another day with a gun In an asshole's hand Okay, have I missed? An announcement or something? About hot topic? I just finished it Too, it gets pretty deep now The waiting begins I love how many People are wishing me a Happy Mother's Day I was supposed to Stay up all night with kareem But I fell asleep You should never have To beg for love and support From your family I strongly believe That gym mirrors make me look Bigger than I am Did I forget my? Coat and an umbrella, yes Is it raining, yes? I love seeing stuff About my boys gaining weight And being healthy It's either this or [Censorys] I think this is The correct approach My face is clearing Up I'm really starting to Feel myself again Okay, I think I'm Falling sick too, I feel like Crap, like really crap Take care of yourself First, remember you can't pour From an empty cup Why is everything? Such a struggle, I feel so Close to giving up Let's ask our hearts Rather than our brains, that's Being more honest I'm always surprised By the quiet ways you can Be loved by someone I don't really care What you say it's never too Early for Christmas OK, but it's right There it exists, it's not from The future, it's now I love driving and Listening to music just? Thinking about life? He stays around just To piss people like you off Ere, sir, Nigel I'd wear this alone To the corner store, if I Had junk in my trunk It was Miss Scarlett That used a dagger to break The box of crayons Does anyone know? If we have school tomorrow For Webster County Went jogging again Saw the same guy starting to Think I'm paranoid I'm trying not to Cry in fucking public but It's so so hard To the cute chubby Guy in yoga pants at the Dining hall, thank you Okay, all these damn Animal accounts need to Quit following me When my actions match My values, that's when I know I'm winning in life I've seen so many Dogs downtown today and it's Made me so happy What are you doing? Here on Twitter, young badass Bad smelling ado Animals should not Be allowed also to make A Twitter account Somebody shoot their Shot, please, I promise I'm not A shit as you think This shit better not Ever crash again with this? Long ass maintenance Your so amazing Thank you, baby Tal, love you More than anything Let's pretend one per Day or maybe two if I'm Feeling like it, P What was I going? To do today again, such A fog this morning We were about to Sign our lease online and Then someone took it I don't wanna be A crazy bitch at all, but I need to know now Rick's gonna try to Stay awake, but he's gonna Feel cold as he dies I don't celebrate Thanksgiving, but I wish all Of you the best day Cave, Johnson, cough as A result you may have heard We're gonna phase out I never been this Focused on something in my Whole entire life Perfect game won't be Close makes it easier to Get rid of Helton They're also talking About all the traveling They do and ugh goals Waiting for a good Time at work to start writing This damn paper, lol I understand why People get apartments now Buy a house, sucks Stomach getting flat Again, now just gotta work On everything else No one can forsee The future we'll have to wait And see if he will The process is not Always always pleasant, but Keep moving forward Dead Dom, the wonder Years in Chicago sold out And I want to die My biggest fear is Fucking over a good boy With good intentions Had a rough morning But it ended with two great News, what a relief? Well, this is gonna Be a tough team for Lebron To beat on his own The court cited A Tweet you wrote as the reason For the injunction I'm staying up time To drink exactly one beer Then call the police If you could study One degree in college, what? Would it be and why? A day to forget A great experience, but Gain it in wrong way I just wanna play Assassin's creed and give my Baby, what she needs? I have a feeling That my life is about to Get so much better I take my friendships Seriously, and maybe that's Where the problem is? It's not everything But it's something I enjoy Not like it matters What a lovely gift This will be for anyone Who travels a lot? Kai is the closest Thing to it, but even then It's still an issue Would be less hassle If they put the islands back In that little box Wearing a jack o? Lantern shirt to work because I do what I want Hey guys, I'm CC Texas until Tuesday, let's Hangout while we can What's crazy is y'all? Really out here agreeing With this foolishness God's timing where we Don't understand why now, but It's perfect for him Happy birthday, hope It was a good one, welcome To the adult life Legit have tears in My eyes, what an amazing And lovely wee boy I'm so happy this Spring semester is slowly Coming to an end I never thought this Would happen, but then again Everyone warned me Story contains A Summary of the content Of the plea filing Master Chef Junior Is coming back on Friday? And I'm so happy The lady in red Fled outside the forest and The healer chortled My life is destroyed From one thing to another I got nothing left College is really Bringing out the worst in me lol, please end me now A reminder that Term starts tomorrow for all Pupils see you soon Free trials that ask For your card info at the Door can suck my nuts Don't go to Costco On an empty stomach, you Will buy everything I really need to Stop fucking up everything That goes good for me I got scammed because I chewed a pop tart into The shape of a gun Would rather be laid Up with my man instead of Writing these papers Fuck this video My ex posted it so now I hate it, sorry Maybe I should give Up writing for the day and Start fresh tomorrow Wanna take my hair? Out, but don't wanna deal with My natural hair I always find it Fascinating when white men Try to talk to me All depends on what? Cashman plans to do the rest Of the off season There was actual No point in me turning up To college today It's started off with A simple hello and now I'm in love with you The movie got me Wanting so badly to run? Back to my baby I pay attention To all fuck shit, even when Ion, speak on it We're talking about The Malaysian plane and now I'm not gonna sleep I'm gonna sketch and Then I'm gonna sleep and wake Up early, I hope I'm supposed to be Having a phone appointment? About now, come on When everything seems So wrong, you just gotta keep Your focus on God I don't like taking To strangers, so get the fuck Off me, I'm anxious Tonight on, I have Way more pictures of Misha Than I thought I did Y'all really need to Stop post everything on here You look dumb as fuck My biggest pet peeve Is waiting for people when? They know I'm coming Nothing, I repeat Nothing will ever make me Happier than this Even when I was A underdog I'll still a Bet the bank on me Ahh, yes, the lovely Period back, pains are back I missed you so much I'm not living my Life for nobody but me And my future kids Sometimes my inner Peace consists of being blunt And my blunt is blunt I really want some Good ass homemade food I miss Living with my mom Tough day today, let's Look for a move second half In the Lakers game I'm pretty sure that My teaching career would come To an abrupt end Good night, dear Karen Wish you a lovely night and See you tomorrow The worst movie I've Paid to see is without A Doubt the last Jedi Jerry bought tickets To Vance Joy, I'm Yodeling My way out of work I don't even say That unless I'm mad or don't Feel like talking, lol I send my siblings Nice, encouraging things and They never reply These energy drinks B keeping me up, I don't Get no sleep at all My whole body is Numb like I'm so tired, I Need a vacation? He better be here To get his house key before I go back to work Bad news, everyone We missed our chance to board A departing train I really want to Redecorate my room and Make everything pink Does anyone know? Any websites that can help? Me create comics Does it also grade? Your performance, what happens? Is you get an F? Got me chocolate milk For my birthday, u can say It's a great birthday You should be writing Like an enigma in love With a husbandry About four hours Later, my wheels and bearings Are finally clean This is craig tucker Reporting from the kitchen And I love sausage Thinking of moving To conroe since my job has An opening there I just remembered I wrote a love letter to Sheetz the other day Aja looks so good In that preview, does she know? She owns my whole ass How many tide pods? Do you think will be consumed? In Philly today Welcome home, Lindsey Graham Patriots fight for Who and what we are? If you're not looking Up recipes at work are You really working? I am not afraid Of being home alone or To defend myself But enough of this Social media stuff time To handle business Mr Glass would be In a body bag he needs To stay in the booth Okay, I'm jealous As fuck of everyone on Vacation right now What do you study? Law wow you a lawyer, no? What are you then, law? Giraffes on acid Tamed the beast with a little Horse, I am destroyed If you spend hours In front of a computer Screen, get these I am I always get to This point when I just wanna Crash out, say fuck it I'm living so good But depression never fails To creep up on me The weather in PA Is so much gentler than maine It's such a relief Really in the mood To slap a soldier and see What happens after? I'm really proud of Myself because I woke up Before my alarm When's the Democrat? Apartheid week can't see it On the calendar I swear buying new Guitar gear is one of the Best feelings ever I'm so sleepy and My sister wants me to play Jumanji with her If you could only Save me, I'm drowning in the Waters of my soul Everyone, please see Mandy staring Nikke it's God tier cinema Joan Holloway is Everything I aspire to Be lemme tell ya Wishing all our Customers past and present A happy new year You suck at saving You're so you depend on Others to save you Can my neighbors not? Be so loud I'm trying to Hate myself in peace Hearing old men talk About your ass while trying To pay for your meal The real question is Is Miss Universe ready? For Miss Phillips I really like this [Woman] So happy you are Apart of Congress Don't ever give up Continue to push forward And strive for better That party was not The fucking move, I think my Ads got sick again Merry Christmas to All my followers hope you All have a good day I really have to Give whatever that is A Bit of a thumbs down Why is it always? The right time to listen to Running up that hill Gonna take a nap Hopefully I don't feel like Shit when I wake up I don't even know If the neck is because of Gym or genetics? Why do I always? Miss Basketball the most when I get my nails done Having a good talk With this lady in this shop And I needed it Focus on the things You do have and the reasons You should be happy Oh, I'm guessing it's Going to have a Twitter? Account pretty soon I think a person Is my friend but everyday? I get proven wrong Getting a breast lift? And reduction getting a Brazilian butt lift I'm fat ugly, dumb And embarrassed, tell me a Worse combo, I'll wait They can go away It's our time to shine, uh And hit rock bottom Styles, it's not happy For me, I'm having exams Wish good luck for me Miley never should Have been taken out, Jeffress Should not b pitching About to cuddle With my cat an watch TV The rest of the night I have many dreams But I really hope I get To live them with you Boy, I ain't ready For November and I think I never will be Classic wow proof, If You piss and moan long enough U get ur way, lol Why is everything? So confusing maybe I'm Just out of my mind Chad Kelly almost Had the keys to the franchise Crazy, he blew it Fuck me, Hungrily With a cinder block and call Me, your body rolls I'm so happy that My sister bought me a neck Pillow and slippers I keep on asking Myself, why, but I found my Answers in your eyes So my barber wants To go mia and leave me Looking like a bum Just one problem, it's At my secret lab, which is Sort of far away I just want someone To reciprocate all the Love I have given And I still wanna Make sure you're okay, fuck me For caring so much A mistake to make Would be to think your value Lise in how you look I keep my business And problems to myself, I Confide in myself The only person Who can truly take down, Trump? Is Georgia Sparks? I should maybe buy A sticker book it'd be More organized, too Guys, can somebody? Give an opinion, how short? Should I cut my hair? This is awesome, we Can take our country back From the hate mongers How could anyone? Treat an animal that way I won't stand for it We've had a couple Sunny days and now my face Is all freckle y? I always thought that Someone was in my closet When I went to bed What a performance Keep giving in ur best and Shutting haters up! Hello guys, thank you For following us, did you? Want to sponsor us? Let me remind you All that a, I love Johnny's Lisp B, so does he? In the twilight rain A worm digs silently still Not a butterfly And remember kids The sweet release of death is Always the answer My friends better not Play mommy tomorrow and Let me drink damn it OK, sounds good, you Look so beautiful, are you? Single or married December has been Treating us so well, fuck a Bitch called November God always knows what To do just hopefully he's Looking out for me It's so difficult To go to class, I always Forget to wake up God is about to Distaste anything that tried To discredit you How was horror nights? I could never go because I'm scared easily Honestly, I won't Accept anything less than This being my wife I understand that This is a pretty niche joke But I stand by it Official Hi when? Will this be available? In the Netherlands McCarty looks like He wants a hole to open Up under his feet Only need, Barca To win on my coupon, do I keep it going Hi is writing a [Poison for someone stupid? Asking for a friend Are you an item? Why would anyone claim you? Just be better, please We are the children Of your rivals holding guns While reading Bibles My stomach hurting So bad though I really don't Have an appetite I never got dogged So bad from saying naw I'm Cool until today If you want someone To remember you leave A Legacy of yours Lemme, knock all this Homework out now, so I can Enjoy my weekend Can someone be nice? Write my essay for me, I'll Love you forever I've distanced myself From so many people this Past year, it's crazy Logan looks so tense He might just combust virgil Is living for this? How am I suppose? To follow you, I really Wanna cook breakfast? I'm having breakfast For diner all week I can't Kill myself, Biko Try to talk about A flower and no worries I think you are great Michael Irvin might Overdose if the cowboys Get in the playoffs Foerty changed the Course of music history John, for the better Totally been spoiled For my birthday, have the best Family and friends That moment, you think? Everyone about to jump In the mud with you Hey, now large crazy Feel your anger, never swing And shout, Hey, now now Power play for the Express, we take a timeout To draw up a goal This product is so Dubious, I can't believe my Mom got one herself My brother just broke My car window, so that's how My week's starting off You've never had A One night only, but you don't Need to be lonely I really like plants But I killed a cactus and Maybe that's a sign Been running non stop For an hour and I don't Even feel tired Learning to roll with The punches and to choose to Be thankful, happy If you see someone Without a smile, give them one Of yours, d parton I can start selling My car in April and get A new whip by June I'm with her, Ryland Under the apple tree, see You around rounder? They don't wanna see Us together, I won't change On you for nothing Or maybe he fell In love with a person and Not a skin colour Greg Gutfeld on Fox Saturday night has always Been my favorite She never fails to Impress she's getting better And better each time Karma is asleep But I miss her, I wanna Go drinking with her People need to chill Some obsess over a soap Opera way too much This summer is off To a good start, even tho The weather is trash Growing up creepy And ruby gloom really formed Me as a child, huh? After all this time I can say that I believe In life after love Happy birthday to My sister, I love u and Send me the info Baby, Lemme tell You something baby you can Look, but no touching Have you noticed that? Even the Cleveland Browns are Winning under Trump Better off picking My nose, rather than men, I'll Get more out of it I get angry when They write my name in English And end it with H My siblings have been Being nice to me, I don't Think they are okay My feet really hurt And I'm tired so happy I'm finally off You really broke me Tonight, maybe we've just been Putting off goodbye What are you even? Talking about if you can't Debate be quiet We deserve a life Whatever big or small you Are you after all? It's all about who You think about when single? X ne yo comes on Telling the truth is Not just about what you say But how you show up? All I care about On my birthday is ice cream Cake and alcohol I'll record the fight Stamp on this kid's record it For you all to see We wanted to play Physical and make it a Hard game, Jeff Petry What a wonderful World it definitely would Be beautiful, post If you release A Trailer for your podcast, I Have no use for you Happiness is what Did you come to my marriage? With some Nagin move I missed the album N, I'm praying she puts it Out as a costume Making those was fun Even though I really don't Know what I'm doing? Who knew my baby? Pink metallic skirt would be Such a power move Y'all ever repeat A song thirty times, so you? Can enjoy it, right? The delete and spam Buttons are too close to each Other oops, oh, well Tari just blessed me Bro, like, he really hooked me Up y'all have no clue You know, white people They love remakes of the same Tired ass movies It's only Tuesday And I already wish the Week would be over We all have our Own opinions, you need to Chill out a little Everything I do I'm gonna think of you, don't Know what else to do? Why am I seeing? Y'all reply to people I Don't even follow All these wannabe? Marvel fans leaving as soon As the credits start I eat chicken and Rice for lunch everyday I'm Ready to go home Every time you're Nice to me, I'm afraid you're Gonna off yourself It's said you gotta Sacrify to get the things You want outta life? I almost started Sobbing during my exam Today, so there's that The Eagles won the Superbowl, now do your job And fix the country Today is the start Of a long journey that will Only get better This lady's perfume Is really making me sick? It smells horrible A girl so broken Trying to fix herself in Her own little ways Why would anyone? Compilate them and hence need A theory for that McDonald's needs a New drink on the menu, all A bit boring now Is there anywhere? I can listen to the new Bliss's tune again If dead people can See us dancing, I'm gonna Be so embarrassed I'm so jealous of The people that went to the Post Malone Concert How am I supposed? To study this whole weekend I'm gonna explode Okay, you know what? Edward Norton was a good Hulk there, I said it When life is rainy Find joy in between the drops Jump in the puddles Enough year of this I can't wait until you leave Example, wade lol When are men gonna? Start wearing a smokey eye To a red carpet Every dish tastes Better in my moth if I Put pepper in it The shape of water Was amazing, but did they? Have to kill a cat Get a free website When you live video stream? With Favor Network Watch everyone jump! On the X bandwagon when? He drops his album Can I be pretty? And have a job for being Pretty and be rich I saw the raven In this setting, magic thrusts Nothing always serves Can't wait to renew My driver's license because Of my new blue hair Nothing ruins A Good song more than making it Your morning alarm Sorry guys, I was In private for an hour I'm back in free chat Some people believe We started in heaven and Wanted to come here Thanks for showing me Some of my now favorite Music and artist Brother Nature can Animal whisper his way In this pussy The party up in The sky just got a little Bit louder, rip mac Can life stop trying? To destroy what I have left 'Cause I'm spiraling When you are trying To see if you can afford The price of the food School kids's uniforms Here in Japan are a man They look amazing I need a travel Agent, I need some more place We can go this year Saying it like I Get dick everyday, I don't But I wish I did Badass until the GPS takes you through East New York at midnight Someone who u hate The most may become the one Who u love the most? Only two more days To go then our cute lil London, get away It's not a story But you wrote a paragraph About it makes sense Does anyone know? How to factor even nance? Said he can't help me How bout some insight? Monday on how teams mock to Prepare for the draft Is such a fucking? Humorous ass person so much Respect for you, dude Tired of asking You, what's the matter because? Matters getting worse Pink shirt day today Say no to bullying and Yes to acceptance Fuck you, Tom Brady You have some referees, dicks To suck, get busy My least favorite Thing about it so far is That it's just a game You may disguise your Features, but you can never Disguish your intent I don't understand How people think it's hard to? Meet people in LA Me trying to fix The bangs I chopped off after A mental breakdown I just applied for A credit card on a whim To earn airline miles What kind of asshole? Steers someone's my umbrella I needed that, thanks I think someone stole My chipotle bowl at work Or I misplaced it Maxine, u n your Ilk will never take the pres Down, u will go first Keep your demons to You're because no one can Help you battle them I left a carcass For you by the fireplace Get off the counters All for power, plain An simple vote, all trash out Red Wave is coming This is because we Are born into the law of Fauntyness, all facts How you supposed to? Improve your credit score, if You can't get a job My exes are the Reason I claim to not have Any big mistakes? Three fouls on Pinson Looked like Bagley got away With a travel first Not even a week Later they did the crash, they Did the market crash? The funny thing is Joe Hart is still gonna be England's number one Nothing I say is Ever right better if I Just shut the fuck up My man is sleeping So peaceful I'm going to Get up, cook breakfast I will walk into Deeper waters I will go After you, Jesus I wanna go back To my younger days when life Was easy, stress free A flower does not Think about the flower next To it, it just blooms Goddamn vikings, oh? Well, I'm rooting for Philly In the Super Bowl The moment when you Have to be prepared for all Then I told you so I've got my demons And if you're worthy, I just Might let u see them Someone just said I Want the middle on this plane? lol, they are crazy You can do better Than him, okay, but I want Him and only him You ever have A? Cavendile so bad it makes You want to cry yup? I swear my body's Tired I think I'm going To sleep in today If you answer this That pancake will never be On the floor again Crazy how this man? Averaged a triple double In back to back years As an artist, not Staying in Las Vegas is like Resettling for less Wow, McDonald's is Starting to taste disgusting I blame my father Children see passion In you happy person is Best gift to others Someone tells me when Kendrick is done, so I can Enjoy the Grammys What's the opposite? Of a golden age we're in That for commercials The awkward moment When your eyes subconsciously Wander to a crotch I kinda want Fried Chicken, but then again, I Want Jack in the box? Miss Chloe Bennet May be a basic bitch, but She's my basic bitch Writing and music Is always the go to when? I'm feeling depressed Lost my goddamn ring Dad's gonna whoop my fucking Ass if he finds out The person you want To talk to is always the Hardest to talk to Baby dove I'm not A dweeb, I'm just a sucker With no self esteem Hi, good morning it's Another day we made it Again, keep going I really need to Stop getting my hopes up it Only hurts me more I wanna have fun With you do shit, I never Really done with you I've become so cold Thick, honestly, I hate That I'm this way now Why is your service? Down and your website all day No net, get it fixed If you're too busy To laugh you're entirely Too busy, unknown Girl, my hair growing And falling out at the same Damn time I give up It's crazy to think I'm gonna be an auntie In less than a week Wide awake is my New favorite indie rock Album of the Year The driver does a Combination of Jim Royle And Kenneth Williams I'm proud of myself Today, more days, pa and you Will get used to it It's what you deserve I'm gonna be hyping you Up from the crowd, yes Ever notice that? The Save icon on word is Still a floppy disk Bro, do you even? Read the ingredients on The back of yo food I think about space We should be aware of the Space we occupy Wish I was famous So then I could enjoy all The free shit I get I learned sometimes, U Gotta take risk everything Ain't a guarantee I can't respect you If you talk shit about the People you run with? Do you ever think? That lucifer would be such A sad song to hear I hate not knowing How to do something I get? So mad frustrated Nice, you're a special One back to the basement and Hug your Clinton doll [ crying] Why at the? Gym, I look at Jacob and He mouths, I love you Jimmy Graham, still Pissing me off no matter What team he plays on? You can not prepare For what you're not expecting Prepare for increase Stay alive, reprise Has struck again, never fails To put me in tears Getting texts from my Nanny just makes me want to Be home already I wonder what would Happen if all the votes were Invalid next year I've never felt so Sick in my entire life What is wrong with me? Just wanna go back Home and cuddle with my new Ballet, flats and weed Making a dollar And making somebody smile Means a lot to me I've been jamming so Hard to paramore today But what else is new? I am once again In love with Mr Mendes Ugh, what a creature? Old ass dude coming At me over Twitter, what? Is wrong with people? Happy Wednesday, gosh Damn, it's going to be a Great day, I feel it I think about this [Woman] A lot, I hope this Icon is thriving All of the victims Merge justice, I hope they Get what they deserve Please let Richard be Enable to grope the inside Of his shaven leg I like really like I'm really looking forward To the day I die A parking deck is The closest we'll ever come To driving indoors Dead man walking his Career is on the chopping Block, what will he do? I suck at calming Down after ten min, I start Talking shit again I'm so fucking stoked To have a three day weekend Off with my boyfriend So now everything's Adding up, how could I be? So stupidly blind I can't believe you Actually, have the guts To post this shit now New York summers are Really fucking hot, so yes I was half naked Anger takes too much Energy just take a deep Breath and let it go Dear Harry, why did? You introduce this game to? Me, I cannot sleep Tired of seeing All the same models on these Clothing retail sites Kiss me beneath the Milky twilight lead me out On the moonlit floor I can't place any Bets against the Patriots But Eagles got this It's really our Only chant, we get confused In other cities My lil nephew has Started whispering now and It's the cutest thing Alright, so with those [Microsofts posted] Should I get? A real eyebrow slit Kill our demons! You gotta look that shit in The face stop running Seeing rival fans? Pipeting up like u did not Collect ur own share That feeling when you Untie your high ponytail After a long day I never throw that Word trust around so when I Say it, I mean it Someone take me to See Thomas Rhett and I will Love you forever Nation and Sunny Got the justice they deserved I am still shaking Money is a good Service but a bad master Sir Francis Bacon And the women who? Love the insecure men don't Forget about them Exposure your mind to Me and show me how naked You can really be My favorite song Never fails to make me so Happy I love it Why do I always? End up getting hurt by the People I love most My new website is Finally up, check it out When you get a chance So joyous to wake Up to that quote by diaper Boy, Robin Lehner People make me want To move away and go live With my brother lol I'll never forget Those eyes, the hatred, the way They stared into me This nice windy cool Weather makes me wanna crack Open a cold one My hands are shaking Y'all, I'm gonna die by the Time this is over Me thinking about All of the homework and work I need to get done My sister thinking I'm about to buy her A Pair of shoes, umm no I wish my English Professor would let us go It's freezing in here Name a better drink Than the milk after you eat All your cereal Traveling for work This week likely no content Out this week, sorry For all the people Who have contests today, just? Always do your best Living my best life Honestly, I'm eating good That check be calling Can something funny? Happen or I'm bored, is there? Drama or something? Having long red hair Is all fun games until your? Being chased by bees Looking forward to Supporting the Knox students At this fun event Lad, happy birthday Beautiful boy, I hope your Head is doing well It's funny hearing Lise when you actually Really know the truth Harry Potter and The Philosopher's Stone is A great film, fight me Lord, whatever your Doing in this season don't Do it without me I'm neither social Nor antisocial it just Depends on my mood If you're not willing Fight for it, then you never Really wanted it I mute everyone's Conversations like shit be Too easy for me I hate being sick And knowing I have so much Shit to do this week I fucking cannot When it comes to animals Dying in movies I'm going to try To finish Ozark tonight Along with my wine I am truly proud Of myself and the people Close to me, God bless! Honestly, men would Be a lot hotter if they Just shut the fuck up If you could travel Any place in the world, right? Now, where would it be? Be there Saturday Saw you guys in Philly in October can't wait Big words for people Who listen to the same thing? In music all day Has Jack got Harvey? To follow you yet or do We have to protest I hate the Packers But clay matthews got shafted On that call today Looks like red velvet Are already leaving which? Means they are busy The Bible said love Never fails, so if it fails It's not love, honey No reason I should Always be this hungry and Still skinny as fuck I've already cried At work today, so it's one Of those days today I like being up All night, my best ideas Come during this time I don't understand Why washing your hair has to? Be such a damn task Ladies, look at how Fine, you are don't settle for These weak minded men I'll take a venti Sized cup of motivation With a hint of brains Miller, do you know? How to boost the downloads of? Your app on steroids Why am I thinking? About someone who's having A dream about me A different world Need to be on somebody App or TV stream Tired of people Getting mad because I tell Then how it is, lol I think about you And you knows it, I wanna Let you take control I keep forgetting That I'm going to watch the New star wars tonight Funny how much shit? People chat behind your back As if you don't know I honestly feel Like crying because of how Much I miss my cat Watching John Waters? Interviews on YouTube as A form of self care Two weeks of jury Service could be the longest Two weeks of my life Laying in bed wide Awaken so annoying when You can't fall asleep Marc is supposed to Be sleeping, but someone is Blowing up his phone Just let people stan Whoever they want to, why? Is such a problem? It's raining so hard I cannot see the buildings Next to mine, O O Simply, you can not Everyone I choose to be The bigger person Sitting in the car At work I'll fuck around and Won't go back in there? I don't even know What my page is anymore? Who are you people? That's always a good Thing a very good thing, lol Time for punishment Professors, that get Subs are the absolute worst Just cancel class, ugh Tired of people Trying to control my life Time to take control The people who have Break u hurt, you cannot heal You remember this? I just wanna see Chief Keef again, that was the Best day of my life Pass into the ass If at first you don't succeed Boop it up again Going home in A Few minutes, I'm so ready To tap hearts again How to function well? When your mind is messy and Your heart is heavy Hi reid you really Did a awesome job last night? I'm rooting for you Donald, take a break Put the iPhone down, take a Walk, go see your kids If you wanna love? Me in private, make sure you Love me in public I'm more impatient Than a teenage boy trying To get laid at prom I've had a headache All night and the alcohol Only made it worse Yesterday was hard But today is new now, I Just need to get up Should not have taken Astrophysics, but I'm glad I did in the end Someone is gonna Get the police called on them Who did this to you? Someone else, I mean No, nobody has cursed me As far as I know Who is Bongo Cat? And why does the little guy? Love music so much Scanner, what happened? Around Jefferson Park, I Heard many sirens All girls, Lesbian Till you put a title on It what did I hear? Why do people ship? The Dolan twins together Y'all nasty for real I really like that You can almost hear the sheep tugging at the grass I'm the only man In this event and this is Not awkward at all I can't force myself To be ready for something I'm not ready for Also note to self Don't chug Tequila out of A bottle it burns I'd like talk about My feelings, but people say That I'm so corny Patrice was fucking Savage, I wish we could see How he got with age? I have never laid Next to someone so warm and Cuddly in my life Leaping all the nudes I've gotten on here before I get suspended Cookie dough is the Best ice cream, do we even? Gotta debate this It is simply that I merely wish to be with The person I love hoses are sea green Marigolds are snow sugar Is sweet and so on I'd be anyone's [ boyfriend] Now for a pair of Slacks and some Elvis And people wonder Why there will never be peace? In the Middle East Somebody said that Nobody said that ish just Tweet ya stuff n go Mary, what should I? Be for Halloween this year Zola, my girlfriend Cocaine abel, don't Baptize whores, I'm a legend I'm not a fable I made a promise That if it stresses me, I Won't tolerate it I loved someone more Than I loved myself and now I'm paying for that Who was the pretty? Lady in green you talked to On Breeder's Cup day When someone is mean? Or rude to you, remember? It's not about you Quite excited to See Vance Joy tomorrow, know? I'm gonna cry tho Don't forget to smile Today, even though it's so Difficult to do I'm so annoyed and Afraid all the time lately And I don't know why This year is turning In the worst episode Of the twilight zone Dudes that don't ever Turn down, pussy, love lying To boost their egos Booking a holiday Getting in the mood for the Heat from the open Man loves liberty Even if he does not know He loves it, Jos Mart Think positive and I promise you your day will Be so much better What an awful goal To win such award, Bale's goal For me, deserved it Always wanted to Have sexy in a car need To make that happen But holy fucking Shit, I would die for Martha I owe her my life Also, I can't wait For girl scout cookie season Better than Christmas The best science is Doed by lunatic raging Unkempt aged actors Guys, be feeling mad Insecure because they know You deserve better I never thought I'd Say this, but Monday can't get Here, any faster? The closer it gets To Saturday, the weaker My stomach feels ugh Playing with Logan? Paul and Jake Paul tomorrow Let's go for the dub I been sipping that's How I control this feeling? You been giving, ugh? How could I ever? Get bored, her pussy good, I Can never get bored People get a new Position at work and think They run the building Guess it's legal to Affect someone when trying To lay the ball up Everyone has been Throwing shots at me lately But they keep missing Is this even real? I mean feeling loved after A really long time My petty senses Are tingling, but I shall Not act upon them Everytime I hear Southern Land, it reminds me Of all the town boys I tried food blogging Once and no one followed me First of all, fuck you It really be your Own family, but fuck it I'll do it myself I am surprised that I had no coffee tonight And I'm wide awake I bought a janet Jackson crop top today I'm So successful, lol I have a massive Crush on Ethan Hawke and you Know what that's okay? I need a facial X massage just a whole day At the spa for real People going out Of their way to confuse me Pisses me off, lol All those hair pages Waiting on y'all to run it Hot today, stay woke Thursday and Friday Oh boy, there's always one at The address is shown I can't believe I'm Going into my birthday Feeling sick as fuck Poor Neptune, maybe After having some tea the Pain will go away I keep changing my Baby name, I'll be glad when It's all over with Went to give odds It will not be coming from Trump, Pence or Ryan What's your favorite? Thing to do at the union During fall weather I'm all for people Being happy and reaching Their full potential You always knew how To make me cry and never Did I asked you why? The problem is that You let too many people Sit at your table Someone tell me what? The Royal Baby's name is For the love of God Always have something Doing that will help you then Looking for trouble In this weather, I Won't mind if you don't reply? It's okay, really Going from react? Angular is like shooting You're in the foot I'm happy if such A beautiful woman like You would follow me I'm gonna give you Back the energy you give Me, it's that simple Holy shit, I wish Laney was here, so I could Tell her all this tea Hey, your music is Really awesome, can I talk? To you in person? If you're gonna piss All over the toilet seat At least wipe it off Sold out presale A Without even dropping a Line up a true king We are performing All the small things in music Theory, what is life? I just finished my Last lab that I'll ever take At Illinois State Your middle name, Jack I just put it together You're Philip Jackson The problem of what? Your favorite person did Not come today is You've predicted that They're gonna get engaged by The end of this year Yah, I'm not going To class today for the sake Of my mental health Reese witherspoon and Juge law in the holiday If u know, u know Enough sleep is when You finally stop thinking Of someone at night Sleeping is pretty Much the only thing I look Forward to these days I can't stop watching Videos from last night, Phew I was super gone I want a girlfriend And I'm tired of waiting On this bald head, hoe Probably fake, but It sounds right and I really Want it to be true? I love everyone I spent time with today and You know who you are Depression has taught Me how to beat in rhythm When you try to swim Never gave my heart To a bitch, I won't even Arguate with a bitch Sorry, but I stopped Being too nice after what? People did to me That never happens Real life or I gotta learn To read either or So I was peeing And my dog opens the door To sit and watch me Some days I forget Whitney Houston is gone and Then I remember If y'all keep playing They ain't gonna wanna come Back to your country Been wearing the same Pair of jeans for a fortnight Is this my decline? Somebody please save Me from this sub teacher, it's Driving me insane Only going home From one reason and that's to Make money and dip It's gonna be a Busy week, but nonetheless Wish has been granted Roses are chestnut Heathers are coral sugar Is sweet and so on Sara took a few Steps back next lesson, try to Land a blow on me When you stutter and Each one gets edited in A different way We're worried about Mississippi State right now Shut the fuck up, man Y'all wanna stick it To the government so bad Elimit my debt b Going to catch A Quiet place this morning, if I can stay awake I'm mentally drained I don't wanna get out of Bed, but I have to I wonder what time We'll wake up organically On snow Saturday The possession of Hannah Grace was terrible Not scary at all Blessings are welcome Bring all you can carry and Set them anywhere Be nice to people Even those that have hurt you Or disrespect you I really was one Pussy, lick away from A Mental breakdown, huh? I have an extra Tickets to the Spurs rockets Game tomorrow, lol I will always be Glad to know there is someone Like you in the world We are very proud Of you, you have a really Big basketball heart I was the perfect Drunk today, the heat had me Sweating out the beer I don't wanna look Good anymore, I'm tired Of all this bullshit Well, yeah, maybe I'm A bad, bad, bad person Well, baby, I know Biker shorts, look so Comfortable, but I feel like they'd Look awful on me Gym, genie grants you One fitness related wish What you wishing for? Shit so crazy, what? They say about the people They knew who blew up Maybe he's a big Fan of no spoilers before The film is released I got that exact Mug for Christmas, I filled it With Soco Cocoa Y'all are telling me Kevin Ware snapped his leg in Half for no reason Let people do what? They wanna do so, you see? What they rather do? About halfway through I was yelling for someone To hit a forehand Can a sandwich be? Sexist, argue it out in The comments below Planning our trip? To Iceland turns out that I Have to rob a bank Are y'all gonna hold? Him accountable or Nah This is disgusting Thank you for aiding Our little brother, you Have my gratitude Softly falling snow In Liverpool right now and It's really pretty I was just checking In with you, lady, that ain't None of my business Had a dream about My kid's daddy, now I can't Go back to sleep, lol I wanna go home And give Elton a fat hug I really need that I have new neighbors And it's making me miss my Old ones like crazy I know it's spooky Season and all but what the? Fuck, did I just watch? Hooray, my two least Favorite teams are going To the superbowl Gotta give speeches While holding to babies and Wearing a helmet? After all this time I still relies on you and You still let me down? I need an outfit For the New Year's Party, I Have nothing to wear Are you saying this? Justified his play acting For the penalty The flames are hungry For your flesh, feed the fires What they want, Donald? Not everyone gives You butterflies so don't let Then just fly away It's amazing how The people I love the most Are the ones I lost? Yes, keep us informed I'm sending you all the good Violations I can muster Dunno, how to feel? About that Stephen Hawking? Sticker on Snapchat Hopefully he wins Me my last kid today, then I'm done having kids I really want some Cherry pie and ice cream from McDonald's so bad It's not about what You did l it's about the Fact that it is done Enjoy life today Everyone great day to be Lively and prosper Why are baptists so? Lame there ain't even wine at This baby shower Is currently down? Will someone remind me how? To turn off a light hoses are silver Violets are blue sugar Is sweet and so on I fucking love it When I have to stay hours After my shift ends I really don't need To be at work this weekend I need to study Nineteen debit cards Two Metro North tickets and A scarf lost today We are powerful Beyond measure, we are the Son's daughters of God Even when you love Someone you notice they flaws You just ignore them Why don't more people? Say Hoppy Easter instead Of happy Easter Honestly, I'm high Almost all the time n ain't Nothing wrong with it Have you ever had? So much water that you just Want to puke water? Never give up on Someone you can not pass a Day without thinking Brett Kavanaugh is Not qualified for a seat On the Supreme Court Bassett hound puppies Are the cutest things ever? Don't argue with me You're the only one Who I love, but I'm about To tell you goodbye Time to block people That I know are related To people I know I really ask him To guide me to do better And trust the process He'll suggest a joint Task Force with the Saudis on Freedom of the press I'm just trying to Look busy, so my boss leaves Me the fuck alone My wish for Christmas Is that every house must? Have something to eat The most exciting Part of my day has become Getting to the gym? Happy birthday, my Chicken, hope u have the best Day love, u long time My locals know I'd Sacrify myself for the Anti Christ, my mind I'm not a hater Or nothing but he can't love Like I do, that's real This line is taking Way too long, but I'm starving So I'll deal with it I'm in a fighting (Wood) I'm gonna go to work And see what happens How about you book? Me before you tag me to Your events posters I'm never gonna Treat you bad, cos I never Wanna see you sad? My mom always told Me if you want something, you Gotta work for it Holy crap you did That Kudos dude, I had no (Decky) Talk about it Star gazing nightly Has become a part of my Routine now, I guess I'm getting a pet Goldfish tomorrow and his Name shall be Chester Washington will soon Be renamed Seattle I'll Bet you a dollar We got this fellas Don't worry, I have faith in Bart, my pride and joy I'm done with people Attacking me before they Know what's happening? Wonder if Mom will? Still ask my whereabouts when I move out, Aggy Carol, you better Cry enough tears to fill that Damn barrel back up West Ham v Burnley For me today, atmosphere Is not electric? Leaf blowers are so Unusual and serve no purpose Besides, wasting gas Y'all ever just sit Here and think about who just Ate ass before class Hello, I have some Work for you, please reply as Quick as possible It's nearly April Why is my immune system? Still in December This wil forever Be one of my fave moments On the show, love you Thanks to everyone Who made it out for today's? Marching band event Fall in love watching Your pretty face, baby, I Be selfish with you No matter how much Your man does for you always Secure ya own bag People I'd take a Bullet for won't even won't Even bleed for me Everyone seems to Be at peak festive whilst I Fester in my bed Nothing like the gym In the morning, late in the Year all to myself Andy, what do you? Want for your secret Santa? Asking for a friend Animals are bred For eating, hope you enjoy Your decaying plants Me when someone asks What's my favorite song off? Of pure heroine Chairman Pai is A shithead, but you know that? Already, oh, well You back in Jersey? Already I'm down in ship Bottom for the night I would gladly go To pizza hut right now, just For the salad bar The person below Has a fun nickname for their Junk, what could it be? You supposed to eat? Pussy, that's why God made it Look like a taco There's also the fact That you're a ferret living In the human world I look innocent And sweet, but I'm really a Giant bitch monster I want that photo Essay, but I have a lot Of orders to pay For some reason, I Can't stop laughing at this, I Can do what I want Happy birthday, the Biggest stud, enjoy the day Boss, you deserve it You're either hungry Or your phones about to die Sarah kills me, son Why do females get? Whare when they already have Beautiful long hair The amount of love And respect I have for them Is scary sometimes? Staring at this cute Face I should be content, but I want to go drink I wanted to cook So many things yesterday I played myself, lol I need to delete Twitter again, God damn this Shit gets me heated Doing my make up Always makes me feel better About to get cute Can't believe it's Almost may already where Did all the time go? I was suppose to Go to the cleaners, but I'm Staying my ass home Yes, the rumours are True Shawn is performing at My birthday party Someone play with me Feelings so I can have some God damn attention Old Zadok was fast [Lapsing into stark raving And I held my breath Why does everyone? Label me as a rich girl But in fact I'm not An hour left till My birthday is over and I can't stop crying I kept trying to Do that stupid leg kick dance And I can't get it Good morning, daydream Is so addictive I can't? Stop listening to it I could eat pizza All day everyday and be Okay, with my life I missed him, okay? I missed my baby boy, judge Me as you so wish I need coffee, but After that, I will want to Find coffee or food I'm going to go Watch all the fun episodes And make myself cry I know sometimes it's Hard to recognize it and It hurts a little Happy birthday, my Brother, may God bless you on? This beautiful day We believe in life And the freedom to pursue It to the fullest Never give up no Matter what, never give up Believe in yourself Kim Kardashian and Donald Trump, a big ass meets A giant asshole I don't even want To fight for it, it's useless It is what it is If there's any org That's looking for a team for Malta, let me know My little brother Birthday coming up this week He getting so old Do you understand? That you conducted his last And best interview Patiently, wait for Thanksgiving, Black Friday and That cyber Monday I'm about to see A star wars movie for the First time in my life I'll be ordering A large box of pizza for My Christmas dinner People really out Here playing with marriage, I Don't understand it I got this feeling In my stomach and I just Wanna throw up, ugh? Just because I'm not Talking about it don't mean It's not happening I just wanna cry And die holy shit, I feel Alone and empty Her royal highness Duchess of Sussex, Meghan Of the house, Windsor Maybe I need time To figure out everything I'm still fine today Another day means You got another chance to Reach a new level Before you claim to Be a certain way, make sure You're living by it I was so confused About timing of your tweet Thread for a second Mino, no, yoon you Are handsome without makeup I cannot believe Eli just got hit Harder than that first sip of A McDonald's sprite Never helping you Again, call someone else to Be your mule, I'm done I really wonder What content people expect? When they follow me Wanting to tell u? How I felt for the longest But it always failed I really just want To meet someone who is my Best friend, my lover While thank you, Laura No point, sulking just gotta Go meet the challenge Kinda wish I had Somewhere I could take off to For the next two days Since Sunday morning I've had ten hours of sleep God, I love take that Just pure evil piece Of dirt shit, absolutely Not conscience at all lol, believe me when I say that I really don't Say it much, thank you I salute those brave Souls for volunteering, my Respect for you all I'm just being nice Stop trying to make it seem Like it's more to it Have a good feeling I'm not gonna hear from this Kid, all winter break I really do not Have a physical type when It comes to men, lol Story of my life Trying to find a cute top At the last minute If you support Trump? You support racism it's As simple as that Heat is calling out My vampire loving ass and I'm not having it U can't censor me My nipples are browner n Stronger than ever That was almost half A decade ago, please shut You're up, fuck head You should be writing Like a contraction, fleeing From a plantation If you wanna smoke? Then smoke fuck everybody And they opinions Squishy human friend It is time to put gases In your mouth hole Taking my hair out Tomorrow should I get braids? Or wear my hair out This Asian lady In the nail salon, just gassed The hell out of me Is it alright if? I just take a minute to Set the atmosphere Are you crazy, you? Can have anything you want Why settle for me? Are low key ballin'? While everyone is worried About the flyers? Yay, planner buddies So happy you ladies are Loving your planners I'm honestly just Ready for my senior year To be over with It's funny that you Think I would want anything To do with you now Worst fear is falling In love with someone for him To just up and leave They are cut flowers Every last thing in here I told you you could I was dating Will Graham in my dream last night Take that hannibal Not ordering stuff To my house again, click and Collect from now on Okay, Raptors, you Got rid of one problem now Get rid of Lowry Be my mistake is So fucking heart breaking I'm So emo right now Spoiler, we did not Win the final wave, crushed us We will not give up That mess, Jeff Lewis Is an embarrassment to? The gays cancel him You are awesome and A great person and I hope You find that person? When your story comes Out, Gaby, I will laugh laugh [Laugh] Like Hyena You ever know when? Somebody lying, but you Just let'em keep on Devlin, can we get? A shout out to Thunder Bay On a three pointer That's it I'm buying Tickets to her concert rip To my bank account Why am I watching? Andante, it's so sad and Makes me wanna cry Prayerd that when I Wake up, it's gonna be a Good day tomorrow Went to the movies By myself today and that's Low key, the new move Survive and advance Is the motto for the rest? Of this semester I'm so boring and I'm having just plain noodles With nothing on them I refuse to check My bank account, I know I Have nothing left, Rip See the stock market Ass take credit for it up What your excuse now? Something is gonna Happen for sure something is Gonna happen soon Moving again is Gonna be a pain in the Ass, but I can't wait I refuse to call Donuts anything else, but Desert bagels now A win before my B day tomorrow would be A nice early gift Marine Le Pen is Very hard, gosh, I wish I Could do this better Losing that hour Really fucked me up time to Get ready for work Got tired of have To look over my shoulders Wanna move forward? Hello, I'm back from My choir concert and I Feel like I did good Drugs and depression Got together like peanut Butter and jelly I hate this movie So much, it's so boring how Will I make it thru? Too busy looking At the sidewalk, you forget Where you are headed? My Valentine's Day Is about as dead as the? New Snapchat update People come and go Out of are, live can't cary Of it, life goes on So used to people Leaving that I don't even Expect them to stay Aussie football is The opposite of soccer In terms of flopping Hi dead week finals Week is eating me alive Existence is pain Got on a million Dollars in jewelry when? I think about it Just cannot focus Today can't string together A coherent thought Yeah, easy, but you're Not my daddy, so it's hard To lie to my friends Glad I'm going on Vacation Friday to get Away from the cubs Okay, but how can? Someone hate Bellamy, I Really don't get it It's been every Day non stop every night I just need some time No matter how much I workout, I'll never look As good as a nap Who got tickets to? Drake, I don't wanna go by Mease if I cop You know your secret Day is coming when you cry Over nothing, lol I want Kelly to Host every show and have A performance break I'm a good boyfriend Whatever they don't worry Worry, don't worry Gonna feel the sting When I jump in the shower Well and truly burnt This four hour time Difference is going to Be the death of me I missed submitting To a casting guess, I will Try again next time There's been a couple Break ins in my neighborhood Tell'em don't test me Saying sorry, don't Take my pain away, it just Takes your guilt away Honestly, can't wait For my relationship to Get some years on it Cruise in July in November for my birthday Next year I'm ready I cannot receive Or sent messages to friends What is happening? Having to go work In this heat, when wearing all Black is not ideal Happy birthday, mate Hopefully see you soon, hope It's a good one, X Hello, I am back From updating my shitty Overdone vine thread I gotta sleep with One eye open, cause this man Won't leave me alone? I have written some Words but not enough, and now Lottie wants a fuss Get outta my house Battle spiral fades in, but Stops, wait a second I will never wait A week before my trip to Book my flight again I'm really losing Out on a lot of blessings I can just feel it Title two drummers Album falling off the bone Artist, Todd Barry Imagine ya mans ( slumping) U and ya pockets End up inside out If the rockets get Jimmy Butler, just give us Our rings that day Is there anyone? Who belongs to a women's? Affection Support Group Fucking to Tupac Music might as well put that Pussy on death row Keep on building your Lead Atlanta, we know what? You will do with it Just awful praying A miracle happened and Everyone was safe This is the only Worthless thing Mineta has Ever said or done? My poor daddy is Working his butt off and it's His birthday today Yeah, never buy points Unless there is some crazy Special going on It's okay, I peeped A little fat and now I'm Going to the gym? Why do people blow? Up my phone when I'm working It makes me anxious I like my cousin More than I like my sister And that says a lot I don't fucking care I'm gonna write a fucking Sonnet me right now I'm really not hip Enough to know this game, but It scares me, Marty Every damn time I think about this it puts A smile on my face Reading the Bible Every night with my girls Really keeps me sane I forgot, Bernie Mac was in the bad santa Movie Now I'm sad I sit and daydream About all the places I Want to travel to? Homer is driving Drunk and has collided with A person running Dan Gilbert wants to Sell the Cleveland Cavaliers Per Stephen A Smith Does anyone want? Anything from hot topic? I have a gift card I read the prologue A couple weeks ago, and It seemed really cool Saskatoon loves ya You better come visit, say Around early June She probably don't Have insurance and I know Her credit is bad I'm gonna stream in A little bit, hopefully It'll work today I don't wanna go To work, I just wanna sit Home and read all day Okay, I guess I'm Doing some homework before? Going back to bed? I don't even trip About chasing these women? Besides, they'll come Hi Ali, have you? Doing a review of bad times At the El Royale Driving in traffic Makes me super tired and Gives me a head ache Thanks to everyone That reached out to me today I love all of you Happy teachers'day To all the teachers out there God bless you always It's nothing to fret About love really Max is Such a sweetie pie Thinking back on it I've had this Twitter account For over nine years Just left, O'Draper Mills In the midst of a shooting Just another day Can u believe this? Fucking shit, how is he that? Fine, I wanna know Eyebrows are kinda Wild, but we would look even Weirder without them He wants to behave Like an animal, he should Be treated as such And I'm trying to Observe you, I try to go On with my day, hey Sandwiches taste so Much better when someone else Makes it for you, lol The Internet is Going to play a big roll? In how the world ends Nothing like a big Ass leak in your apartment To start your Tuesday Stop the winter storm Names it's lame all people do I's make fun of them I have snacks, napkins Body, mist water, makeup A fork in my purse I just really need To get my life together I'm still struggling I match energies So go ahead and decide How we're gonna act? Seeing as I have Today, free I'm going to Have an adventure Kinda just want to Move to another country And never come back Best feeling ever Oh, and when you open a Fresh box of pizza I'm having issues But bee is still going strong You guys go hang out I've never been on Spirit or frontier, is it? Really that bad, lol Who's selling Travis? Scott Ga tickets for tonight I need a good price I forget your name Sorry, but I can't forget My feelings for you How am I supposed? To do this lab report when My hands are freezing Won't be seeing Dan? Until next Friday, because He's working away I hate when teachers Walk around during class, let's Me cheat in peace, hoe Studying the birth? History of hip hop has Been such a journey Going to have to Ask Big Gonzo to hit that Ready up for me Got a feeling that My son is not going to Let me sleep tonight How much money, man? United will need to spend To turn the table Sometimes I feel cold As steel and broken like I'm Never gonna heal Mickey, you need to Go live sometime soon I need Some joy in my life Someone come over With a blunt, a pizza so We can watch movies Sorry, son, I won't [Laughter] At you for wearing the Same pants anymore You think I'm afraid? Of death I've died a million Times I'm great at it See the thing about Teaching yoga at night is Now I'm wide awake They also seem to Have missed eat literally All of the steroids Think they advise you Not to do that unless it's Like Easter, rush time I'm hungry, but I'm Too lazy to get up and Get something to eat Is tatum a piece? Of shit human being now After that chest bump I'm going to tweet In Haiku format for the Rest of my sad life I just wanna live My best life, but my baby Daddy, in the way Don't expect me to Be nice after what you did To me, how dare you? Let our hearts be Open to what God wants to Do in our lives I'm itching to leave Work and work on music, I Feel like a crackhead My leg fell asleep And now I'm scared of moving My body one inch Which is also why The fake news meme became so Important for him It's graffiti time Kids, I'll plaster my name all Over this island I've been having a Really crappy week I'm just So freaking sad, dude I just wanna go Fucking home to lock in on This'red dead online Wow, Kylie and James Both love willow as a name My dog is shaking Once in a lifetime Tweet who actually wants? To hang out today Thoughts on Davis and Or Kelly filling in the Rest of the season My boys are loaded Double barrel shootin'first And questions never Dipper voice, uh, uh I could work the counter with You wendy, let's kiss I feel like music Is about to evolve time To hop on the wave This is what happens When you put d students in Charge of government How about we leave? This party 'cause all I want Is you up on me? Face full of makeup In this heat, I dunno how You females do it Please never forget That I will always love you Be right by your side Why does my makeup? Always turn out better when I'm going nowhere Sorry guys, but I Don't want my stomach to be Bigger than my ass So spoke my lover At the river, falsehoods cheer Cruelty always bows She is so awesome She told a little girl to Relax and hugged her Mirrors are cruel Creativity, they always remind Me how I look like Girls are so stupid Petty mean, for no reason Like run my fade hoe Whichever team drafts? Josh Rosen will be my new Last favorite team If people tries to Bring you down, it only means You are above them Is leather and suede? A major crime, or can I? Get away with it I'm so backwards o Eat breakfast in the evening Lunch in the morning I've gotten like four Hours of sleep I'm gonna Be cranky today Thank God in Ghana You really don't need drivers License to drive too Love will always be Here, so why fall for someone? If God ain't in it I just wanna eat Paste and cake, why do I? Wanna be skinny? Right, rhythm of life Is so important and rare Be patient, kido When you're having a Bad day, and you remember? Tommy follows you Nothing I do is Ever good enough, I just Piss everyone off Love you, baby me Andrew, we're so happy to See you play today It's easy waking Up earlier when you don't Have shit going on? When Norwegians talk About Sweden, they are really Making Finnish jokes I feel overwhelmed And I wanna lay in bed All day for a month Nothing is more fun To bet than college football Late in the season Love seeing all the Haters come out of hiding When the Cowboys win I certainly would Have no duty to die if I preferred to live Funny that this is My account and I can tweet Whatever I want I'm so sleepy and I gotta finish laundry When I get back home Well, it's amazing It's amazing how life be With you by my side Mummy is a witch And witches protect people And are very strong It's about that time It's gonna break me to make Me, but I'm ready That loss hurts badly Only good thing is Josh is OK, it seems damn Last person dated Well, I don't consider it Dating, but we talked My mom is texting Me about how she is now A fan of the roots I just wanna go On a bomb ass vacation With my best bitches Claudia, what's your? Opinion on penny stocks Worth the risk or no I been real active On this app today I'm done For a couple days Just helped a bellhop Seize the means of production From the Bournemouth Just imagine if There was no shuffle option When you played music Frank Sinatra makes Me feel nostalgia for A Life I never lived My childhood hero And I really loved my the Flash action figure I'm streaming tempo And the views are coming up So painfully slow My big brother is So happy came to my room Singing and dancing Y'all we are going To have a whole era with These kinds of stages Quick, are you aware? A police captain from Las Vegas is missing Are you ready to? Remain yourself to me You pathetic slave Beem is still going To loose her shit on, Remy One day on this show Dude, are you having? Any luck with the high score? On Classic Kingdom I can never leave My life for that long again A bitch is stressing Sometimes I question Why the fuck I get outta? Bed in the morning Remember folks when? You're complaining on Twitter No one gives a fuck Having hot water? Run over your shoulders just Makes me feel relaxed It's early, but it's Always nice to have the best Record in baseball But can someone tell? My sister to shut up, I'm Trying to sleep here? Someday, someone will Think it's cute that I only Burn instead of tan Ridley may be too Big for smash, but he's never Too big for my ass We can stop, Brady This year I can't believe I Said that, but we can I'm sorry, but not Sorry, Dunno, who made this? But it is genius Wow, people really Choose to put things together For a living wow Wow, bravo after This tweet everything will be Alright, awesome, sir He was like, Mama Lay back down, you not going To work, I love him When Joe Jackson dies I want the Jackson children To dance on his grave Also people that Think they have say over what? I do need to stop Even if they were Good, no one was coming out To see McNeese state lol for everyone Who wants to ask people what? I did this weekend They're clearly going To be busy tonight, might As well get started Really, she has to Read a statement, how about? Coming from the heart Gonna turn my read Receptions on just to let u Know I won't respond Senate just confirmed Brett, make America great Again, thank you, Lord I showed my sister A picture of my crush and She said he was hot If ion kill you Before I leave, consider Me, pussy, marley Can you believe I? Just started crying because I miss trophy eyes Don't even mind what I'm saying I'm not here for Y'all anyways, lol I'm pretty sure it's Warmer outside than it is In Cal cam right now Hey, Google, get down On your knees, so Alexa Can see your asshole To you, my future Is a memory cause, Lord? You're already there And I believe this Is the second time you have? Doed, so is it not? ate fruity pebbles For breakfast now, my son is Acting a damn fool My favorite fox I'm like your number one fan You're so pretty dude I think starting a Meme page is possibly the Greatest thing ever Hey, Google, how do? I become an actor when I'm ugly as shit People really like That shit that's crazy to me And I'm one of 'em Eighteen years later And kings of comedy can Still crack my ass up If you truly love Someone you'd never ask them To host the Oscars It's only full of The filth I've extracted from Your pathetic mind It's not a selfie If someone else took it, lol It's just a pic, lol Watching Steve Lacy Get all giddy over snow Makes me so happy Louise, great I was Instead, think about baking A nipple pie cake Honestly, if you Sing who you are tomorrow? I might gonna cry Fuckers wanna be On my ass while standing in Line till I bust ass My body could look So much better, but I'm A Lazy piece of shit The weather is so Nice, does anyone wanna? Go roller skating I'm always thinking About how or when will I? Ever meet Harry? Dad, was it early? Or late grandma, well, I gag More in the morning Don't worry we have Good doctors in Maldives, No Need to take him out I miss the precious Time when barley anyone? Knows about this song? For goodness sake, the Daffodils are in bloom and I wake up to this The moment I start Putting myself first will be The best day ever Noises in the night Make me want to invent gods To explain it all Cyber Monday should Be illegal, my broke ass Has no self control I just been fucking Up again and again when Am I gonna learn? Okay, but like why? Did today turn out to be? The worst day ever I deserve wings and Chips and salsa and ice cream And a Dr Pepper Crystal, oh, and don't Forget we're running away To join the circus I wanna fly high With you, baby, and just leave This world all behind Stay above the crap Continue to speak to the People about truth You never fail to Tell me this over a month Before my birthday Mahmood say happy Birthday to him for me, please Wish him all the best You want respect, but? You have absolute no class Naw, I don't think so I just told someone To fuck off politely, I Really hope it works Anyone else have? A coworker who talks in A constant whisper My Twitter is just A love letter to the girl I am I love with Baby, we could start With a handshake, I'm gonna Need more than a hug Shut up already You fake news, McDonald's says They will employ you Let's be discreet and Put a sticker on his face But also he wow Your planet is done For dear, there is nothing you Can do about that That's the only thing I miss abt working at A Daycare, the drama It sucks going home To so much bullshit after A long day at work Cruz wanted to hang Out with his daddy, the guy Who helped Lee Harvey? I was having such A good day today and now I just want to cry This sounds serious I should probably do a Full body, check up It always ends in Him getting mad and or her Getting a whipping? I cannot stand A Liar, the truth gets you so Much further in life Holy shit, that was The closest I've ever been To death, I'm shaking And yet I'd rather Go into business with you Than James or Sarah I'll be patient till Even patience tires of My patience, Ali I tell my closest Friends, I love'em everyday We come in contact Some people are so Deep, you fall into them and Never stop falling Is there life after? Death there is only one way To find out, you see I love my sister So thankful for her tonight And every night I don't even care Who goes where at the moment? We just want to know Me remember when? The Dodgers beat the Cubbies Madison hangs up Latino cooks chefs Really be the funniest People of all time Happy birthday, Na Grease na Kita, but a tweet Is another thing? We are destroyers And we should be ashamed of Our sorry selves The apartments in Baltimore City, make me Wanna move out there? And for the record I'm really looking forward To seeing rampage? I need a roommate I be wanting breakfast in Bed on my off days I have morning wood Like a Whitney Houston song Dude, I'm so happy Culendo and Peak Acid rain pours from the sky The end of all things I've never had A Package stolen, and this is Not a good feeling I drank a couple Sips of coffee today and My baby is like Women gotta start Being honest about what? We can can't handle Life is the other Name of water we must be Conservated it, save it What is disturbing? About people dancing at? A New Year's Party Professors love not Being in the office when? You really need'em I just wanna know Why my maintenance man thinks? He can hit on me Still going to take? Care of you until I'm sure Here, drink some water Man, I'm so grateful For the amazing people I have in my life Ain't nobody in The globe I'd rather see than The girl of my dreams Need your titans to Lose the way my ravens are Playing today, lol I can't put myself In a box I'm done trying Time to embrace it I'll be gutted if Taylor loses to Justin Pipe of all people All I wanted was Some Dutch before work, but I Lost my debit card Who will you invite? To the picnic without the [ man] Drink on writing I just finished binge Watching big mouth and now I Want more episodes? Looking forward to A three day weekend with my Best buddy, best pal You either die A Babolic or live long enough To become a cop How many of y'all? Would link your employer to? Your Twitter account 'Truly hoping this Is my last mental breakdown? This semester, ugh? Happy birthday, bro Wish u many more happy Returns of the day Wow, I really am About to fuck around and Have my fat ass out When traveling it's Wise to bring along a list Of your grateful fans The turtle neck and The walk he knew exactly What he was doing My makeup is so Good today, like, honestly Who gave me the right? Sorry guys, just on The reservoir this year once Conditions are safe My dad really played He's ever to talk to My sister like that I'm so happy that You got your account back X You deserve it, X? Look at me trying To socialize when I should Be going to sleep Remember they are Targeting Trump, they are not Targeting a crime? I really don't be Tripping over shit, but at The same time I do I found out today That my shop manager loves Wrestling and comics Any news on when? You are back on our screens The wait is too much Now we gotta wait Tul Monday to be happy Again, football sucks Easy to resolve Put safety first and forget Driver only trains Dear, my office snitch Mind your business, you lucky I don't cuss no more Come on, these passers From Kellogg company, make My fingers tingle But she did vacuum For me today, so I can't Be too mad at her Why am I watching? Shows about murder, these poor People, it's so sad Neil McCann, Dundee Manager, I don't deal in Stats, I deal in facts Open this tweet for A secret message, Harry Styles is a legend But are you pushing? [Buttons on me] all the time To annoy me why? People really hate Hearing the truth, lol, o well No more distractions Wanna make you feel? Like you just read written in A book that you found Justice will come too Late and too little, we know Who all are involved? Culendo and Peak Acid rain pours from the sky All betwixt be damned Good nite fellas, I'm Gonna wake up at noon and Refuse all of it Call me old fashioned But all I want for Christmas Is White Genocide? I wish Sydney still Lived in dayton, sometimes I Want to wear a bun? Momma said love is The answer, so when I call You better answer Tell my business and I promise it won't be good For you in the end He been wanting me Up under him all weekend But I love it, tho Who does good tattoos? I'm trying to get my child Name on me today Merry Christmas to All my family, friends, hope You have a great day It's almost Christmas It's strange not celebrating Holidays with them We're really going To Kentucky to see all Time low, I hate us What's the difference? Between sons of Essex in It's day and woodland Trying to show this Man, a real woman, he bout To miss this blessing I have money on Virginia, y'all better get Y'all shit together Camera man, please Can we see the gossipers? Don't angry me, sir Why do I always? Witness the funniest things When I'm on my own So it's Halloween In hours who wants us to? Go live at midnight I'm not going to Sleep until my mama give Me back, my charger Getting a massage? During my lunch today, my Back is on fire I got followed by A porn star and a punjab All in one night, wow? Sometimes I wake up In the morning, clear my cache And go back to sleep Sega, you dummies? Really releasing your games The same day as smash Keep wasting ya time Messaging me you won't get Anything from it? Westbrook has had a Couple nice finishes since I started watching Trophy is something I will never fucking watch And I hate people Lions have that feel That they going for two to Try and win the game I won't ever try To dim your light baby, you're Such a work of art No one can ever Make me feel any type of Way about myself I don't know, Ginger Or her daughters never met Then not even once Y'all, I have never Went coco until now and I'm almost in tears There was a puddle On Market Street near a cross Walk, so I speed up Question on a job Are you willing to move me? In a heartbeat, yes This cold is killing Me would anyone like to? Come take care of me Lost a couple friends And money last year, I just Want the money back? I'm really quitting Starbucks in March, I'm letting My other job know Dear death, not today Not yesterday and not those Other times, hands off Then again, if I Was you I'd be jealous of? Me and my life too Haye is a legend Regardless, I will always Have respect for him Everyone says, Wow? I love ur eyebrows, but no One says I love you I wanna say I'm Having a good day, but I Don't wanna jinx it For Kentucky to Win tomorrow, they gotta Stop Brian Bowden! Shit because I feel Him if that was the reason My ear hurts so bad Really, I just want To slapping her, then tell her How much I love her? I wonder why my Little cousin picks at her Finger till it bleeds I just wanna tweet About how much I love my Mom and my brother Keep working towards Your dreams until it happens Action is progress I can't stress enough The importance of learning New stuff everyday It's a cruel world Outside, but I need you to Know that I got you It always makes me [Laughter] When people say I have Clout like what, even? Lana Del Rey is So beautiful, I would love To be her pet roach If you agree to Take a vacation without Prudence camels weep What kind of college? Sends out rejection emails On Valentine's Day Something about warm Weather make you not wanna Be cuffed anymore What a lovely post Merry Christmas, and I hope You feel better soon I always forget How boring Rensselaer is? Until I come back I need the background On how dude perfect and kay? Jewelers teamed up As if Caitlin just Flooded my room so we could Get a spider out Did I forget to? Mention I'll be cutting my Hair this Saturday I really like wet And wild mascara and their Stuff is super cheap Thinking of all the Places my mom could have hid My Easter basket Like Daniel said, it's No time to wait, people want To invest us now It's so easy to Cheat on diets, man, but I Gotta keep pushing Thank you very much Just about to settle down And have a good read I only had like Two cups before you woke up Take it if you want Get outta my way Unless you want a arrow In your ass, Marsha Honestly, I can't Provide to the ungrateful No more, it's a wrap If money is what? You find happiness in then? You'll always be poor Put the phones away Give the cunt a hiding and Send him on his way I'll never play games With a woman's mind again They don't deserve it Am coming end of Next week with my family Hope to meet you then Would you guys ever? Come tour in Australia in The major cities I just wanna be Cuddled up watching Christmas Movies with someone OK, well, I'm sure There will be V content in The unknown route, too I'm thus inclined to Believe that name has engaged In internal war I'm so ready for This roast dinner later, my Stomach is screaming People just feed off Attention around here it's Honestly, quite sad It's so important To understand why people Think the way they do Aw c'mon mom give Me a little scratch on the Earl, show me you care I wish letting go Was fucking easier, man Fuck you, trifling ass Those people at work Who don't do anything at? All but then walk out This is gonna be One of the best summers yet I have a feeling And noise pollution Stressful to people and pets Dangerous to wildlife Nothing more precious Then cuddling my little man Watching inside out Always on the cards Mr Rodgers, after Hearts Feath could be back Morning gamers, I'm Running a fever, but still Gonna get this bread Going out tonight? Totally made up for my Shitty Day today For once I'm early And now I'm on the corner Like a prostitute Daily Tweet that I Just want this masterpiece to Come out already I'll fly to London And see them by myself, if I have to fuck this Got this feelings in My gut that I will regret This in the morning Look like Brazilian Bikinis from the nineties The cause of my son Trusting the process Be the hardest process, but I got faith in God It's always someone That nobody asked trying To cancel someone I'm such a caring Person like I just wanna Care for everyone With all due respect My friend, I kindly invite You to eat my porn? The greatest showman Movie is now at Walmart And I'm so happy Somebody said, stop Telling me go vote, bitch I Can't I'm a felon? I always try and Engage n these Twitter games But no one responds It's insane how fast People can just be gone from Your life forever Humans and dolphins Are the only species that? Have sex for pleasure Google search, how do? I politely tell him to Stop sending me memes Sometimes people are Wrong, but correcting them is Too much energy Never been to the Parade of lights and I think I'm going tonight It's not fake outrage To call out somebody for Posing with a corpse Halloween was so Furthering, holy shit, Michael Myers, I love you So many good things Happening I don't even Focus on the bad You needed to see How I was happy that day Would never forget My boyfriend got his Braces off today, wow I? Never feel so loved You raised issues, you? Wanna see us raise issues? Concerning you guys Can you guys reply? On mail or over Facebook Or over Twitter Please remind me in Seven years not to have kids This time is real tho I am containing My excitement in public But I want to scream I hate being there For everyone but where y'all? At when I need you I have morning wood Like a vin diesel movie Dude, I'm so happy Who knew that loving? A teacher could feel so right Yet be so wrong, A Stop talking bout how You move in silence and just Move in silence, damn I have a problem With my best friend today, I Don't know what to do You are about as Unusual as a bag of dicks But they smell better How many eggs do? They have at Easter Island Asking for a friend Ancient Greeks did it Should be done again, I would Be on the side lines Thomas, this is what It was like growing up with You as a sister I'm never eating Mall food again, I think I Have food poisoning A person will hate You, you'll never know because There's no reason to Fallas, that crazy Shit really turn y'all off or It's just annoying Not today, Satan Claiming Trump is ordained by God is blasphemy Not a holden fan But great to see Lowndes win A true champion Does Matthew Upson? Know that t is a letter In the alphabet Don't settle for A Big house, but allow true love To lead you back home My co worker came Up to me today and asked Is Glen a real show? I just texted Scott To record Jersey Shore, what? Has my life come to? Anywhere you want? To put your intellect up Against mine I'm in I'm going to sleep Because I'm very ready For this day to end I'm home vacation Over, I have a headache I ate all the snacks Neither just stop by And chat for awhile, thanks it Was nice seeing you Happy birthday in Heaven, poppy, I love you And miss you so much It was a failing On my part that allowed you To sever my foot Hey, Kevin, my friend How r u I'm doing well? Take care of ur self Did I mention that? I follow back like, really Fast, most of the time Knowing people who? Make great quality music Is a gift from God? Mike Evans, really Gonna throw a fit like that Knowing he pushed off Don't u ever dare To fucking judge me without Even knowing me I waited so long To try acid, this is such A beautiful drug Gotta figure out What classes or what major? For next semester Disneyland is where Yo kids on a private jet When I'm into you I'll say it again Chevy was brilliant to take Laine over Matthews I always wait too Late to do something or to Stop doing something When artists are so Humor and grounded, it's like The best thing ever People would really Do some crazy shit just to Get your attention Note to the future This is what happens when you Elect Benny Hill Just wondering, Will There be an iPad version Of the castro app It's polite to ask Even when you're hoping the Answer will be no The drama of it All to relive it again As the Colonel, lol Someone get me a Bottle of Jack Daniel's and I will be happy Salt life sticker or Jesus, fish fishy as fuck Cops are on the way These girls nowadays Are funny to me, I can't Take y'all serious Heaven talks, but not To me and now I wonder If it's meant to be Did everyone but? Me go to the pumpkin patch Today, like, come on The question is, Hugh Can you admit you chose to? Side with a loser Just wait till later Tonight and next Friday and Saturday, oh, Lord Please advise me to Not order takeout for the Second time this week Listening to love Songs and thinking about that? One special person Not even kidding Why does everyone fancy? The same lad as me I just noticed that I talk to Aubry the same Way I talk to kids Lydia, don't you? Talk to templars, why are her? Relatives so daft Tomlinson, if you Do a tour, do not forget Brazil, we love you If you only knew That not talking to you is Tring me apart I just wanna know Why people are so okay? With flaking on me Sometimes when I move My knee from being propped up It pops really loud I dropped a gallon Of milk today and it spilled All over the floor I have no control Over my life and that's fine Everything is fine The real question is Why the hell am I looking? At wedding dresses Thanks for the follow Sandra, I hope you have a Very fine Thursday Crazy how shit gets Doed the second you start to Focus on yourself Hi, Kevin, thank you For following me back, hope You have a good day Anywhere shit goes Sour, it's always so quick To turn sweet again Racist Roseanne is Announced Good now, what about? Racist, Mr Trump People who dry text Are either dry or just don't Wanna talk to you? I miss travelling I can't wait to travel at The end of this year From my birthday, I Want a Chris Hogan jersey? From anyone, please Greetings to you and Your good family, how are you? You doing today? And then biting her Langue no longer seemed to be The right thing to do Hello, thank you for Following the Hollies hope You have a great day I don't understand The obsession with wanting To grow up so fast People who have known Kavanaugh, are warning us We need to listen Got a new sugar Daddy, deal, I love being A business woman I've got the gospel Dog, I've been sitting on for About five years now Sometimes I feel like Saying peaches be upon Him, is it just me? I think I'm going To ask my parents to get Botox for Christmas Feeling sad all the Time is turning me into Someone I don't like I really wonder My purpose here and why the Fuck, I'm still around There is no favor Where there is no assignment Pastor J Willis You single because? You're picky, no, I refuse To settle for less My smile covers A Lot of pain I'm going through But you'll never know I love you, Justin Trudeau, sir, you are a great Leader in the world Funny how you have To make it for people to Start supporting you I don't get people Who bitch about others, but? Still go behind them We are still learning How to play with each other? Gonna take some time Jesus, now has she? Only come out of this with A spinal fracture Does that manner of? What you call democracy? And virtue feed us My boyfriend left too Early for work, how am I? Supposed to sleep now? Love never knew what I was missing, but I knew When we start kissing Die another day Was one of my favorite Things to do nothing Let me go ahead And get my lil three hours Of sleep before work Let's get away from Here you're the only reason I be staying here Even if it hurts You a lot God will always Make it up to you Being home alone Is low key scary like I? Love it, but I don't Looking at Nicky Six gift wrapping pick sixes In the playoffs, lol Who agrees that, Bob? Dylan should make an album With Kendrick Lamar Before you make A Disgusting face e J and Sweet tea is a hit Said I'm not really Ready to die, maybe I'll Give it one more try We're not the people To talk too, get them lawyers Out and lock them up I'm so jealous of All those people who got to See some snow today I'm not bothered by Anything you post if that? Makes you feel better I keep thinking I'd Be the one losing out, but Honestly, you are Nguyen, nice to meet You thank you for follow I'm Glad to have met you I have my music Exam on Tuesday and I'm Fucking the fuck out Women don't play no Games makes me nostalgic I Miss Halsey so much Twitter stop, I don't Care what people like this is Getting out of hand If we pushed Fridays Stream back an hour, would you? Be okay with that Why do I always? Wait til the last minute to Finish a project What a shitty day But forever thankful I'm Still alive and well Eli had more than Enough time to get a throw He just chose not to Landon got into The preschool we wanted and I cried instantly Dude, I'm allergic To cats and only half of My face is triggered We will always miss Roop, Ki Rani, no one can Fill your absence now The fastest way to Turn me off is disrespect I just can't stand it Acting like you don't Wanna fuck with me just to? Reep the benefits I want Ruby from The great British baking show To be my girlfriend Everything I touch Just breaks, so I no longer Wanna see your face? Auto sent hello I wanna ha ha breathing Keep your rest okey I'm done trying to Get your attention if you Want me, come find me Ren saves everyone That he can and not many Return the favor Yesterday was my Dad's birthday and today is His sister's birthday She never wants to Separate us without her We can not survive You ever been so? Tired that you fall asleep Crazy how life works Dr Pimple Popper Has a Christmas special, I? Have seen everything One of them appeared For sale, not that long ago For Newmarket Road Life is a struggle That I cannot overcome I in the meadows I don't wanna have To watch you walk away, I Rather, you just wait Can someone tell me? How to get over someone? Asking for a friend Ex, you seem mature Now, me, yeah, the damage is All done already If you ever come In contact with me, you will Never forget me Tickets go on sale Now, but I'm not getting them I'm about to cry How can almonds taste? So good, but almond butter Taste so terrible You know, your barber Glasses you when he takes a Picture of your cut Nothing upsets me More knowing my dad's upset And I'm miles away I want a spooky Handle for Halloween month Someone think of one All he wanted was Sex, OK dear, but what else? Were you offering? Why has it taken? Me this long to watch wonder [Woman] Oh, my God No more battling Demons myself, I need to Put'em in god's hands People who allow They'll be pushed over Announce me so much Being at the beach Alone is so odd boredom Amidst all this fun You can't be sorry For acting like a lil hoe Y'all females I swear You deserve the love That you keep trying to give To everyone else Do you ever just? Drive with the radio off And think about life Being happy seems So easy, but it's really Quite the opposite You can't never keep Yo weak ass negative ass Comments to yourself Nothing of what I'm Packing makes any sense, right? Now, but fuck it, lol Even though you did Me wrong for some reason, I Feel like I need you Stirneah kisses while I am half asleep in the Morning, melt my soul I love my mother So much I can't imagine My life without her I will never be Enable to look at your face Without loving you I miss my babies Aka my cats, ugh two days Until I see them I just wrote someone A whole ass paragraph my Fingers are tired We wanted to be Adults so bad now, look at Us just f king look Potential short term Roommate coming over I'll Hide some of my weed When are you going? Taking credit for the drop In the stock market Your nonsense is A Macropolis of bullshit and I'm not into that Spanish football is Far more exciting to watch Than English football I love all, Bryant Tiller music, I just love The shit, he say, oss Sometimes music is The only friend I have when I'm in a bad mood Going to lay back? Down for about an hour See everyone soon Did you hear about? The fire at the circus The heat was in tents Me always trying To see the best in people Will be my downfall I like talking to Strangers on the Internet About stuff I like Merry Christmas to You and your families have A wonderful day With fewer colors You might come to understand Some important things This punk, he cannot Because Bucky is pecking His lips already The worst feeling is When you're so upset, you feel Sick to your stomach I'm really thankful For all the people I met At Cal, poly man Thanks for being you You always amaze me you're Such a great person How many cutbacks? Are they scoring from today? My money's on four Knowing that you hurt Someone you love has got to Be the worst feeling People tell me I'm A snob everytime I don't Even have money This resource cannot Be saved to local attacks And has no impact In other news, the Ground is pretty soft in some Locations, dig it It started hailing So fucking hard as soon as We got in the car Today I found out My girlfriend is pregnant I'm So happy for her If you not going To be positive, I don't Need you around me? Who is Jordan Coz? The only Jordan I know Is Michael Jordan? Put Jared in his Dad's old cell, y'know the one Christine, put Dad in People don't sleep on Because they now I follow Through on what I say And who is surprised? By this, anyone shysters Pick other shysters I'm in the Walmart ( bracket) But I'm bougie so I shop at Target Maybe they unite For hate me, I'm really sad What did I do wrong? I better not hear No dude singing, they woke up In Chris Brown's body Also, I'm playing My first gig out here later Tonight, I'm nervous Dubai airports would Like to wish you a pleasant Flight to Toronto Hopefully I can Die by hanging, I deserve To die painfully Merry Christmas and Happy new year to you, too Maki, I miss you Just pulled somebody Daddy wonder if he can Pay for my lawyer I really thought you We're gonna say all I want For Christmas, is yoo? Okay, so one more Day off before starting to Do work tomorrow Why is beef jerky? So expensive, and why do? I love it so much Unless you want to Set back voter rights, do not Vote for Thomas Farr Trixie may be an Egg, but that egg loves ER My heart is so full Making my way through The podcast, what a way with? Words, each of us all When you're finally Allowing yourself to search For the sweetest love You have to really (laugh) Some situations off And keep it moving Greens Plus has added Four more flavors of coffee To their selection Fuck, I'm hungry and All I want is a meatball Sandwich in my face Days been going by Fast as shit, I really feel That hour we lost Please do bother read It aloud to yourself and Enjoy the language I'm turning myself In Facebook jail, I can't Take this shit, no mo Such a nice feeling That when I used my remote Start the air came on Semesters go on For freaking ever, I miss The quarter system I really can't stand Nobody at this point and That's just how it is Can u please explain? Further, who told u'and do? U have evidence My life, my choices My mistakes, my lessons, mind Your business, you dig Morning book lovers Bloggers and authors alike How are we today? They are showing what They are attention seekers I'm with Meryl Streep Someone told me my Eyes were Hazel and not blue My life is a lie I'm craving for some Lollipop, can you give me? One a big one, please Don't take advantage Of somebody just because They care about you I called Luna A Bitch in a endearing way Just letting you know This is the only Thing I'm looking forward to In life currently Maybe not today But he will follow U I Believe you and Gray I just wanna know What I did to deserve such A precious human What is the holdup? Southbound at Wilson Station No announcement made Trees and ornaments Acid rain pours from the sky Tears return to soil I love birthday cake So much I want everyone To buy me a cake I called my grandma To sing her happy birthday But she was busy Coach you around this Coming week to link up and Say hi on campus Find yourself a man Who has both a great credit? Score and history We make a problem Better or we make it worse Enough said, thank you Kennedy, I don't Want to regulate Facebook? But by God, I will I've never been a Giggy person, there's enough For us all to eat Sweet people make you Turn on, but funny people Make you fall in love Will I understand? Post Malone if I've never Listen to Malone I don't want perfect I want effort, I want trust I want memories I like working out But sometimes I just want to Be a fat person When people tell me It's not possible that shit Motivate me more I rate you higher If you listen to Tray Chapman and Asa Welcome aboard, Roy My maiden name was Daniels So we share something? Hi mahesh, we will Call you shortly to address Your concern, Puneet How many of these? Can I exchange for my son? Back, let go of me Can't decide if I Want to go get something to? Eat or take a nap I'm such a fucking ( dumbass) I want to slam my Head against the wall I'll pay someone to Help me with this little bit Of math I have left Big man kept expired Juice for over a year, just For this shitty tweet It's kind of getting Sickening at this point like Will it ever stop? Oh, you forgot to Brush your teeth well, luckily You have a mint pod I am not afraid Of any schiff my vote has Been cast, bring it on Do you ever just? Have a really rough week, but It's only Tuesday I am home, Gimme Like half an hour to catch Up with everything Can somebody in? Mo city, bring me food, I'll Pay for your food too Really be on some Take sum shit, take ya money And a take ya bitch I leave for Vegas Wednesday, I'm pretty sure I Have strep throat, OK? My music teacher Has a box full of condoms For free for students People meet me and Their whole persona changes Do be that person Nixon, wait, she went Out with Tupac, was your team? Informed of this, sir I've never felt more Sorry for myself in all My life I need held Full focus on one Thing is way better than half Focus on two things When your actions are Based on good intention, your Soul has no regrets Arctic monkeys are Coming again and of course I can't go again Need to open that Second Pandora's box and Reclaim what was lost I can't even lie Drake, ate the fuck outta that Yes, indeed verse Mann Nothing is perfect Everything thing or body Have ah flaw to it Just a reminder That I'm so excited for The bandwagon tour If they really want To save the relationship They would've done it Do girls get cuter? When you stop talking to them Or is that just me? Going to the beach? For my birthday, don't care if I have friends or not She's so beautiful But will the Americans? Even get this, Diss Miss Molly, so bad Yet it's only been a day Since I last seen her Rather be a bitch Than a brainless idiot But have a nice day I asked my brother For guy advise, he told me Look for the nice guy Two cups of coffee Later I'm a somewhat non Zombie type creature Working the graveyard Shift and cramping have to be The worst thing ever People who acted Like they cared about you, but Never really did I want a little Puppy, but my parents will Never agree, ugh When you wanna side? With the astros, but then you Remember fuck em? You are my sunshine My best friend, my lover, all In one, I love you I'm really concerned About the price and also The allergies sign Little screams from A Scared, tiny little person Talk about garbage Make a practice out Of facing dealing with and Accepting the truth I really need a Boo to cuddle with in this This type of weather Can we just pretend? It's my birthday today, so I get attention Only God can judge Me my heart feeling there's A Spy in my Twitter I'm sick, basically Nobody there, so you get Really quick service Anyways, I'm off For today because I have Real life stuff to do Took an hour nap Sitting on the toilet just? Hit a new time low I understand what You're saying, but I'm looking For a blow career Need to start going To the gym again, this weight Gain is not okay In the future, they Are going to start putting? Filters on mirrors I think I'm going To get my nails done today Feeling a dark look I cannot decide If I want curry or stew Tonight for dinner I just did something I would have never done a Year or two ago There has never been A better time to be clear On your boundaries It's been an hour Since I initially phoned And I feel like death Mental abuse is Just as bad as physical Affection sometimes worst You gotta hit that Shit with pesticide before You do anything? Believes women should Be quiet, barefoot pregnant And in the kitchen I've been trying to Think of a clever answer For this, but I can't I just wanna know You better know u better Know, u better now I'm willing to pay Someone to write my essay That's due tomorrow Men at gas stations Act like they've never seen a [ Woman in their life] Why are vegans the? Only white people who know How to season food? You will not ascend To places of influence By acting like them Correction you are The biggest asshole in the Room tall ass bastard I'm pretty good when It comes to helping people Sort out their issues I start my second Job today, hopefully it's A good day today Dude, cold cookies are So much better than warm and Mushy, let's be real Being singles cool Or whatever, but at the Same, it kinda sucks Sometimes I have to Let go of something that once Meand the world to us For some reason, the Twitter app is darn slow when I'm on this account Too soon, hopefully Itunes if I can work out How the bugger works? I've heard that milky Bear is the definition Of evil madness Welcome minded people Can't be around me only People who seek more A silver spring day Running on the riverbank Nimbly, gust whistles You are the author Of your own life story, make Each chapter special Create the highest Visions for your life, you are What you believe in? Like I always tell You guys, if you follow me? I'll follow you too One day I'm going To be my own boss doing What I love the most Now that I'm saying I can watch YouTube now, I Kinda, don't want to Why would you ever? Open a bag of chips, if You are home alone Falling in sleep is Way better than falling in Love my heart said so People really think The most bland vanilla stuff Is freaky for shame? Really tho who let? Then upload that video To the Internet I'm getting so burnt Out with music stuff I need New stuff to work on I'll spend everyday 'Sale before I spend it With the wrong person My favorite thing About the royal wedding? Is that it's over? Hopefully you will Have you tried contacting Ta? Or the foundation? I've been listening To the music you left on My phone wow my heart Happy Mother's Day To all of the wonderful Moms, enjoy your day figuring what I'm Going to eat for work is Always an struggle Are we getting new? Music after this tour, if So please let me know Wait, I thought Amy Schumer and Meghan Trainor We're the same person I'm so hungry, but I don't wanna get up from My bed, help someone Yes, this precisely I understand it to mean It as you described Donald Trump is one Very sick, sleazy racist Demented old man How do some people? Stay committed to reading Manga till the end Are you going to? See the remake of dumbo And the Lion King Do you ever just? Lay on bed after eating Priceless feeling, yoh I have never watched The first series, but this can Be so fucking true You are one stupid Person you should never be In the job you have For Halloween I'm Giving out water, little Bottles of water Maps are disgusting If u support them, do me A favor and choke Damn ankles, really Are amazing, they just like Hold your body up I'm sorry for the Lost in your family May Allah bless her soul Never forget the People who were there for you When no one else was It's days like today That out of state tuition Seems almost worth it You have to admit The truth nobody can change It it's hard to say Lindsey, your fake and When I see u, I'm smacking The crap out of u One trick pony is Such a wonderful term, I Want to use it more? I was the fucking Dk on the way to school That shit was so fun Bitches want me in There presence, but I notice That shit was deadly Live listen to X Album coming very soon Give me a moment I'm very glad that You stay determined, keep up The good work, my dude He is my husband Which means he is the only One who can have me Tia walks in my Door asking who's in mourning? Why is it so dark? Happy Mother's Day To all the mothers out here May God be with you I started thinking How everyone's lives would be? Better without me Wearing black is nice But a guillotine in the Town Square is nicer Tomlinson, what is? The name of your favorite Song of the album Having red eyes is So cool, it scares away the People I don't like Sometimes you have to Block people in real life and Stop giving chances I'm one solid ass Female and can't nobody Tell you otherwise C'mon son, you knew That tattoo was garbage, why? You flexing so hard Tonight very well Could have been my very last Time seeing Z play Honesty think I Find middle aged drunk women Worse than teenagers The kids coming up May not always be book smart But they are aware I noticed that I Subconsciously have a thing For long island girls I'm testing the law Of attraction right now and So far it's working I am not afraid Of life, but I am afraid Of long empty life My emotions are Also out of control so I'm in trouble too Today is the first Time I have felt like myself In two weeks I'm back Taker can't get a Boot up that high anymore This is upsetting My mother made these Fabric holiday bags that? We reuse each year Love will come later I'm trying to invest in self and progress Honestly, can't wait To travel with my friends to Korea next year What kind of chippy? Puts crispy, fried onions on Salt and pepper chips People need to learn To mind their business and to Leave me alone, lol Why do people lag? Someone on what do you get? Out of it, really I assume you're here To rescue me, quick boy, take Me to the courtyard Does anyone know? If there is a caster meet And greet tomorrow I'm gonna have to See this movie pronto cause Ya'll killing my shit Why does my chloe? In Detroit, become human Always look so sad Neither of them were Ever good, just all hype from Two trash fan bases You're Lebron, hate is Dubious, completely done with Your one sided trash Dear customer, we We're working on the issue Will update you soon I love smothering My parents, so they never Forget I love them I love people who Listen to the same music That gets me going Do y'all agree that? A date and hanging out are Two different things You never told me Those words that can make any Woman's heart flutter Honestly, I'm so Thankful for Mr Gardner My taxes are done U try ur hardest Not to make everything worse But it just happened You fake gay bitches? Don't be about nothing but wasting time, keep it Make this long island Roll up and watch some soccer Decide on dinner So spoke the shadows In the fire, sleepers rage Being always bows Sometimes you have to Be selfish with your time be Believe of your worth When nobody can't Tell yo man about you cause He already know Love yourself, so you Have the energy and strength To support others It's all about trust Even if you both are A Thousand miles away I'm going to draw And I'm going to hate it But that's it, really This will be about Setting up boundaries or? Cutting off contact I hate getting sick As an adult, because no One takes care of you Back from beautiful Cuba, maybe I will write A post about it Someone take me to A Lakers game, so I can Wear my jersey dress It's my half birthday So wish me a happy half Birthday, thank u next If you wanna see? How I really feel about You then come around Update I ordered My outfit now, I need some Shoes and this jacket Stealing my pussy Is a red fucking line A? Quote for the ages Thank you, this my last Day of this semester, I'm Ready to be home Shit lil baby be Saying I feel like I can 'Truly relate, lol Someone just told me That I'm very feminine For a barber, what? I hope Harry is Having the time of his life I love him so much Hopefully I can At least get myself to nap For a few hours You're going to bed So you decide to turn me? On right before that I want a tattoo To cover my stretch marks on My ass and thighs, lol Is the fucking sun? Gonna come out today or Nah, fuck this weather May God comfort you And your family in this Time of pains, amen Meek, gotta pull up To the Sixer's game tonight lol, it's only right A single person Is missing for you and the? Whole world is empty Somebody should have Chicken down my family tree A long time ago People really deep Ash, but I will forever And always be good I want the number Ballons tomorrow, but I Ain't got any friends Hope you have enough Vases, thanks for being so Easy to work with Go on without me You idiots, losers will Always be losers Be careful in the Next battle, I can't stand the Thought of losing you I'll do whatever I like whenever I want Wherever I wish I barely paid off All my dog's medical bills Guess who is limping? The Tony Brothers Really are taking over The basketball world Waiting for the day That nate comes to Australia So I can meet him Cynthia and Matt Money are so right when they Call you a homer Okay, I'm coming Back online, I drank tea and I'm feeling better I wanted to tell You that I'll always be there? For you, but I can't Dreams are cruel, why? Because they only show us Not make it happen McCain is such an Asshole, I have no respect Or concern for him? Dylan will not show Me no attention cos he's Got work in morning My little sister Wants one and I don't wanna Go to Hain, Shitty Ending my night by Listening to love songs and Writing a paper Someone wanna come Pack for me because I can't Do this anymore Everytime I wash My tattoo Benson tried to Climb in the shower Honestly, don't know What the fuck I'm doing with? My life at this point That man saeed on The four sang Whitney Houston In the correct key Cashier sighs, do you? Ever feel like your feet are? Going to fall off? Thank you for being Such a wonderful person I love you so much Everyone I love Just disappears out of my Life, I'm gonna cry My momma got me Curl's products, I'm so happy Plus my name necklace It's a fabulous Saturday morning, all hail An awesome weekend I have some questions For whoever the fuck let Shape of water win Favorite this tweet I need attention if you Have any to give? Ya girl forgot she Had to finish some homework After the shower Your raspberry tea Brings me a great amount of Happiness, thank you I wonder if short People are jealous of how Fast, I walk up stairs Sleeping with a frown? On my face, maybe things will Look up tomorrow No matter how much I sleep, I always feel sleep Disdeprived and tired Vermont clearly has Too many white players that Can't handle the ball Getting more nervous Than anything, just wanna Meet her already So question is it? Wrong to play with ur dildo Before getting fucked Damn, I wanted to Flex all summer with my boo But now I'm single Did you upload this? On Facebook because all songs Out of copyright Toronto, bout to Have one horrible miss here I can feel it, lol Annex, I'm saying Nothing because I'll get in Trouble if I do What am I talking? About, huh, what is Rena? Talking about what? Bad writing can be Bad without being racist Why must I say this? I'm better now which Means I won't be acting weird Now that's fun Thank you, wes, Stayton And all veterans who have Servised our country Since it's wine only Now y'all can keep everything Otherwise I'm over it Calling these people About this apartment first Thing in the morning Nothing better than Eating food so good, you start 'Agreing with it' Fifty nine million Six hundred, thirty thousand Seven hundred one I think this, Lousy Ranking is laughable, just Can't get the logic I've gotten nothing Good back in return and my Patience is going I just wanna be Enable to love someone is That so much to ask There is no feeling Better than just playing A Banger loud as fuck I love hanging out With Mario, it's always A trip with this kid I hate makeup n I can't wait to never have To wear it again Quiet weekend, this Week in preparation for Next weekend's madness So stupid, I swear So unfair, but whatever It is what it is I'm honestly so Doed with this week already Get me on that plane Awe, I wanna start Saying my pleasure instead Of you're welcome too There's a guy playing For ok state named Chuba Hubbard, y'all cousins Y'all, I just wanna Say, I'm ready for Haitian's To ruin my life I set two alarms And neither one of them went Off the betrayal God does everything For a reason and it all Works out at the end [Whispering] What is? Victor planning to do with All those vegetables You either embrace The life of a midget or? It embraces you Can you ever see? You fully sucking the Marrow out of life All holidays have To come to an end sometime Back to work tonight Look at you thinking You can't live without'em now Look at you living Never lead someone On, if your not serious About that person So ready to have A clear schedule so I can Fucking, take a break Meek will be released This summer, Lebron will end Up in Philly, watch You'll notice people Only remember what they Want to remember? Lady, you are wrong He is the best president We have ever had Being single is Fun and all but nothing beats Having her around Illinois needs an Eskimo, hut someone help Me make this happen I'll never trust A You can't take the money to The grave ass person Well, life ain't easy But it's simpler than we Make it out to be I just wanna go On cute summer dates and make Lots of memories True, but I'm afraid I might not be able to Go for wanna one's Put ur feelings to Side lil, baby, u got too Much pride, lil baby Blue is the color Of the day dolphins swim safe And free one more day Never fade in the Dark, just remember, u will Always burn as bright The reason behind? It is sickening, but yeah I agree with it Noting like changing Your talk an hour before You head off to it So you activate? Didi, but he's not ready To play, go figure Okay, I'm back home I will work on icons and Try to update Aus Only half of them Are all the things together? Add up to nothing If you willing to Drive a bit to Boca the Seed is fantastic I took this photo Where I don't have makeup on And I just love it Violence where is? The freedom of speech brigade When you need it most Sleeping with Flexi? Rods will have you waking up To a crooked neck My lesbian friend Is always flirting with me I love her so much I thought someone was About to bite it from the Preview image lo I'm so terrified Of everything, but I'm glad It's all happening Ever wonder why? Some people work so hard, but Never get nowhere My stomach and back Are killing me like I can't? Take this anymore Nutting before gym To release t build up and Prepare for new T Are you afraid of? Being alone cause I am I'm lost without you It was a rubbish Joke about whining get it No, I'll get my coat The sun is rising I cannot fall asleep though Meale on my mind Being at school is Stressing me out so much, I Feel like throwing up Already know how? I'm going to finish this Whole bottle of wine I've never been so Erasted about a whole day Ever in my life Don't let the regrets Of yesterday, destroy the Hopes of tomorrow I don't wear daily Makeup, but I've been thinking About starting to You are amazing And an icon, keep up the Amazing work, man Remind not to Give money to salvation Army this Christmas I will always love Prom pictures because of all The pretty dresses Really thought I was Having a heart attack and Google confirmed it People really look Dubious when they try to hide Their vape in public Have you ever drunk? Vodote at nine o'clock on A Sunday morning I'm so tired of Nosy people, can you just? Let me live in peace Michigan State has Missed so many open threes Today, my goodness We need a knowledge Of God, that will convert us Not just inform us I always stay up For no reason when I don't Work the next day, lol Was there a trophy? To go along with his hot Wings victory prize Mummy just sent me A picture of the ham and Now I'm dead inside I need to focus On myself and do what's best For me, not others After all the time We spent together, you still Chole him over me Phil has been wearing So much black and monochrome Recently, I'm in love I'll be so ashamed If somebody asked what, I? Did most on my phone? I've been putting off My wisdom teeth surgery And today's the day Although you appear In earthly form your essence Is pure consciousness? I really love this Simple pendant necklace that Danielle got me Guys, I'm trying to Solve a debate when you Pee, where do you pee? (Carroll) lol, then go Right ahead and explain it Double dog, dare you? What can you release? Today that will allow you To walk a new path My time is being Wasted, I really could be In my bed right now Dining room is hot And ready so is your lunch? So come and get it Stay away from the People who make u feel like U are hard to love I have a finance Exam on Halloween this Should be illegal Wow, man, I truly Thank you, thank you So much much love, bro I just wanna sleep Until Wednesday, but I'll go Get this money too Going to wake up? To the smell of tamales My heart is happy She clearly knows it Trashs him, so why keep on? Fucking doing it This is honestly A whole mood, good people good Times and Halloween Retire now, live your Final days in peace and joy With your family I'm so exhausted But good morning, I hope you All have a great day Cute senior boy who? Always looks at me and smiles Now let me love you How do I always? End up near a clarinet In the practice rooms Sorry for rambling So much this topic triggers The cynic in me People kill people Guns are harmless until A Person picks one up I only want one Person with me right now and You know who you are Roating in traffic Guess who pulls up behind me? Blowing up the spot I'm seeing this shit Live for Tour in September Fuck, I won't survive You sadistic bitch? That stupid ass chuckle of Yours pisses me off Is there anything? More to life than eating and Watching the office Mo, you wanna get? Chosed or not, you gotta Gas em boo, okay? Beaver, nope it was Just us and Oregon, but Now it's just jersey Spend a few moments In prayer with God today it Can change everything I meant on Twitter But this is perfect, thank you I owe u my life My father taught me How to hunt and my mother? Told me how to love What happens if u? Suck dick w strep throat Asking for a friend Parfums that make me Smell like a rich old lady Are my favorites? Pretty sure we all Have a smell that reminds us Of our childhood Don't message me if You intend to ignore me? I'll lose my shit, lol Ikon, release one More public friendly song and Their name is secured I wonder if the Government is going to Shutdown on Friday Next year, I'm gonna Nut even more properly Not utilize time I mean, you never Know they might get somebody In the off season A fresh new single Pringle, but not ready to Mingle and Jingle Not having to cry With a pillow in the face To muffle the noise OK, Blake picks up Shadow placing him down, go Get me my ribbon Whatever girl broke His heart gotta be kicking She's in the ass How I take photos? For my friends vs how they Take photos for me Need to start drawing Again, should I upload some? Of my stuff on here I'm sorry, my dog Loving ass is just freaking Heartbroken abt this Thank you, Bette, so Bad, we are all losing A Bit of common sense My mom kissing me On my forehead before bed Means so much to me You morning, people Disguish me with your ease of Waking up early? You don't deserve a Point of view of the only Thing you see is you All my grading comes In tonight, why did I do? That to myself, lol Show respect to the [Woman] Who was there for you? When no one else was I can't do early Morning classes, why did I? Do this to myself My chest was hurting Before he pressed play and I Keeped one eye on it We can't keep going Back and forward either your With me or your not Sometimes I feel like Giving up, but I just can't It is in my blood If not, they labor Although style incentive thus Facebook won't excel I've set today as What to expect tomorrow? I'll expect nothing This is sweet justice But the comments are fucking Icing on the cake And now your stupid # hashtag made the baby cry I hope you're happy My aunt wanna fly To New York on Monday, just To play in the snow Yesterday was like So boring, but now I have So much work to do I forget I have A Twitter sometimes I don't Think this is for me I'm so tempted to Drive home for a few hours Just to see my dog I'm getting better At going through days without Thinking about you? They say that people Always go back to the place Where they were happy Every time this Man, does something I like, I? Push his ass away Hey, follow back and I would like to talk about A coaching project Do you ever have? Any to ask some friends'if? They ever hooked up? Hello, I've melted In my bed from being So soft, I love Dawn I really want to Go on lunch, but it's early And I am hungry Super cool startups And rounds from our little Podcast Viva La Sometimes I really Wanna ask people why, but? It's never worth it When uber says juan? Is here, but you go outside? And you see no one He is not going No, where don't listen to to Son of Washington And I legit cried Because I sincerely wish I knew how to cook Gonna keep sipping My fair trade coffee while u Keep being a bitch This is a really Further time, everyone, please Be careful and safe This is going to Be a good day because, uh Well, I don't know yet The wedding scene in Crazy rich Asians is just Way too beautiful Mothers are victors Of battles we never knew They fought Ethan E What about auto? Insurance is that a right? How about dental? Sometimes I'm sitting In the dark corner of your Room and stare at you God has really been Blogging me lately, all the Glory goes to him Coming back to the Bay made me remember how Bad, I want to leave Happy birthday, big Baby, hope you enjoy all Of it and then some I wish Julie had A Twitter so I could tag Her in funny stuff Notice how they took This picture on an iPhone And not an android Ha not naming names In public, if you don't know Then it's not you, lol What the fuck Venus? Retrograde, you were supposed To help, not hinder I really want to Go to a haunted house with A group of people I've never been in A tattoo shop before this Shit's different, lol Brunner must follow Me because well, I had this By like an hour Everyone tries to Do something cute now, so it Can be recorded Fall semester starts Tomorrow'so relieved it's Not a summer course What even is this? World truly, we are in the Most bizarre timeline This is going to Be another great day, don't Believe me, just watch You're doing better Than me because I would've Been on it by now Suffering from last Exam Syndrome Before My Examins even start But I'll remember Everything you were and stick With you to the end God is going to Be funny and send me A White man to marry Vikings are pretty Bad anyway, he's right you Know a better day I wanna move far Far away and get a boob Job and buy more wigs I tried being nice To people at that school, but Damn people are mean Nicki was giving Away college money, damn I needed that bag I got hammered last Night in Dublin and I have Such a hangover How you gonna put? Out another track and not Tell a brother, lol Everything will be Fine very, very soon you're In my prayers, Richard I keep forgetting About my chocolate turtles I needed this, lol It's December and I'm rolling the window down Welcome to Vegas Small minded people So full of themselves, get the Fuck out of my way Day done and dusted Time to relax and spend time With the family Never give your all To someone if they gives you Nothing in return Paper or plastic Same idiots that get nuts Over shopping bags Only two weeks and Then I'll be on summer break I'm so ready y'all You say I'm dirty? Sminded how in the hell did You know what I said? What you allow is What will continue and that? Goes for everything Was I supposed to? Send you pens, I forgot where We landed on this My fancy pudding Was delicious now, I go Spit my weary limbs I forgot how much I love the song Buttons By The pussy cat dolls Before I got to Bed I just wanted to say Thanos is a nub He loves picking on Night if anyone else does He will destroy them Don't drink anything Brown, that David gives u make Sure, u smell it first I love the feeling Of my skin after I wash All my makeup off [ monkey] I watched the Crying games, I don't get why It's a good movie Boy, I just wanna Know who else is making your? [ Snapchat score] Go up! Alright, I'm gonna Day drink, go ahead and take Away my phone now Sometimes I want to Comment on people's stuff and Say, shut the fuck up Speaked like a mam Of experience, two duck F ker from way back Hello, I survived A social gathering and An almost dog chase Two empty water Jugs will never be able To fill each other Wow, can't believe I Sented all that good energies In ur direction Jaime beams at the Mention of the kitten and Nods, I would love to I'm the worst person To text if you wanna talk To me, just call me Nothing annoys me More than the Kansas City Chief's doing the chop Life, liberty and The pursuit of the highest Level of success Fuck all digital Monsters are really making A comeback next month I love seeing the Excitement on kid's faces On Christmas morning So Luke met Aaron Last night and I'm not single So that's always good Lying in my bed Windows open and I can See blue sky and sun I stopped at Speedway This morning for coffee, guess? What song was playing? My little cousin Talking about his girlfriend Us the sweetest thing They said abyss is Open, but it's not showing For me, I'm worried I stand with students Boyding is on each and Everyone of them Oh, what a surprise I wonder if they had to Return the pay off Because I've seen the Good in you, I'll happily Hold onto just that This baby better Have lots of hair because my Heartburn is no joke Are u gonna mark? The special occasion on Your new calendar I just did something I never thought I would do Let's see how it goes Dame is about to Take off right here, go ahead And thank me later I can't believe I'm Seeing Chicago West End? I'm so damn happy Alert, stop living Up to the expectations Of the Internet My car is flipping Shit about another cat Outside the window Why is there thunder? Rain, I want rain wash away Some of this pollen I bless on Fridays Only and you fu when the Last time I seen you Wanna put mirrors? On my ceiling, but I don't Really wanna die My confidence is High, I'll never wanna be Like the next female May Allah protect These animals and punish These evil hunters I'm so thankful that I don't have any carpets In my apartment No one says milky Bear is the definition Of timeless madness But people will push You to the absolute edge If you let them, Lord Kind of excited To see what Elijah gets Me for Valentines I'm going to drunk Text Danny, even though he's Right in front of me Have you ever looked? At someone said I could spend My whole life with ya Culture, text me your Address and your wish list, we Can make this happen? Being vegan should Be like religion you should Keep it to yourself Not enough hours In the day to listen to All this new music I honestly think X Factor has done its time So fucking boring I have been living My best life lately and the Shit is amazing The techno disco Tool Copycats have started Coming in, hold tight Now Sam Jackson is Making everyone juice and Eating a cookie? It's a confirmed fact That Lara croft was indeed My first ever crush Self selfish, self centered People will never have A Seat at my table Feeling even worse Today, the pressure in my Earl is pretty bad Five remain marooned The other two foolishly Set off on a raft Yo, did you forget? Do some dailies and get some Cash money again Why do I always? Leave my assignments to the Very last minute He had a release Clause so prob jus whoever Offerd most wages Can someone tell me? How to have a life without? Having to suffer It's not the about The likes you gain, it's about The respect you earn My dog just started Barking at this dude on the Beach for no reason Watching the boxing Interview with Chris Eubank Senior, very strange Fuck all that other Shit, I just wanna see this New Star Wars movie Too many sad staff Goal: Humanize the workplace Walk during lunchtime Amazing group and Fellow creators of art Give them a follow Funny games we played Today, hope we can repeat It someday cheers, Bud One of the hardest Parts in life is knowing when Something is over Why is the snapchat? Update the most hideous Thing I've ever seen Peanut butter and Pickle sandwiches are for The pregnant women I say, excuse me When I pass gas, even if No one is around It's a time machine From the future now, show me How you get in it? Real life, Larry is Just the release of gas that Happens when you die Never again, Will I let someone allow me To question my worth Is there anything? This woman can't wear any Colour any shape? Only if they write It accurately and well We know how that goes The article does Not mention that you have to Trade in a device I'm so thankful to Have such a hard working man But shit, I miss him Today the pots are Not doing the things it is Not my day at all I gotta leave this Trampoline Park before I Becoming a step dad So fucking tired Of sitting in this house by Myself all the time Just for the record I did not create this and Do not know who did Hitching you from the Back, tell me because I know I'm driving you wild I can't believe their Comeback is on my birthday I'm in loss of words I made a mistake In the name of my booking Can I update it? How do you figure? I wanna cuff when I can You on the daily? Deathing spicy food At this time in a morning What is up with me? No matter how much I'm doing right, you always Say I'm doing wrong It's so frustrating To see all these girls rather Black men over me Said I was gonna Sleep, but my mom is calling Me after midnight Some people just want To catch your attention to Increase their own ego I'm supposed to hang Out with Martha today, what? Does that even mean? Can we talk about? How Daniel was so quiet? I hope he's okay Sixteen thousand three Six million, five hundred two Ninety, four thousand Another year down Another year, not watching A Christmas story I just sit around On my bed and answer A Phone and make money soaking off the nails Was the best feeling I just Need a fresh new set This shit ain't easy But no body told me it Was going to be Is there anyone? That has my attention at The moment he'll no Sick of waking up In darkness when the sky is Always painted blue Really trying to Remain positive, but it's Just not happening The second half of Red is iconic and I'll Fight for that ideal I hate Notre Dame With everything I have in Me more than purdue Chris Wallace, this is Not newsworthy, stop making A fool of yourself This weather makes me Want to get a pedicure? And buy new sandals Been hearing a lot About bad gameplay, is it? Really bad today People going out Their way to ignore you is Just rude grow up X Chris Boswell gets A Nice contract and forgets how To kick a football Valentine's Day is Lovely, especially when there Is genuine love? I'm lying in bed And all I can think about How hungry I am? Stephen Pollard has Been defending Toby Young Are you serious? What kind of reason? Do u need besides wanting? A cleric, Lloyd U It bothers me when Someone lags on my text, but Can view my snapchat Hi, where is Harry's? Campaign he did not hold A Chicken for nothing Y'all ever liked love Somebody so much you wish You never met them Also, do we cash? Out existing ones before It all goes to shit Really need to take Good care of my family I only have one Such innocence, I Will break you in many ways And that's a promise Keep treating me like This, I promise I have no Problem dropping u Happy Sunday, my Dear friends, hope everyone is Having a great day I lost my grandma In the grocery store and She has my baby So who's going to? Bite the bullet and beta My phone's X au I like the profile Picture on this account so Maybe I'll use it People will call for A favor before they check On your well being Maybe this world is Just fucking cruel that I Can't be with you People show feelings And emotions to whom they Feel connected to Why is everyone? So focused on politics It pisses me off Arr, I gotta work Early, you know, Tom going Int ot tonight Happy convert a Roman Catholic day now go Make disciples y'all I'm tired of all These stupid holidays it's Just another day So not gonna go Overboard, I'm just gonna Enhance what I have Well, Maria, don't Worry about this, there is A lot of truth there You always have to Thank the ones who Take time to listen We said our dreams Will carry us and if they Don't fly, we will run Wanna go there with? My unicorn partner, Yah It's you, yes, you are I get so annoyed When someone tells me to do Something I can't do I'm losing my way And don't know if I'll ever Be the same again I'm finally out Of bed this not sleeping shit Getting in the way Dizzy tired, but The weather is so great that I don't even care You mean someone who? Was his pastor at some point? Maybe who cares, lol? I'll never be your Belief of burden, but bourbon On the other hand The children play A Game using tiny clay men And coral fragments Looking after us As always through a morning Of Friday, madness The Lord Jesus Christ Should always be clear focus Of your life, CC Is this supposed to? Be a joke because I am Not getting this one Adele is so cute I hope she gets everything She wants out of life There is a madness That is joy and a madness That is just madness I'm all about good Violents if you are not about Get to stepping boo I'm not play around But yeah, I'm afraid afraid To being in love I really have to Talk myself into caring lol, quite sad, really The fact Sadie left Makes me love her even more We love a woke queen McClellan, yeah, found That during Google Time, too Is that the singer? Listen, do you want? To know a secret, do you? Promise not to tell You should be writing Like an oppression in love With a scorpion A million dollars Is a funny guy and his? Take on the oil spill Fighting the urge to Not fall asleep at work, right? Now is the struggle I keep forgetting That not everyone does so I can shut you down My favorite things To Google are camels and Caughts in weird places Just wondering if There's an alternate vers of Universe like that I always forget How much I love to study? And be productive I hate Michigan Right now, what the actual? Fuck is this weather? If only dumbass People could become extinct Instead of the bees This is so sexy Love seeing thick muscular Men getting it in Everytime I hear Straight up, I think of Angel [Mocking] Travis Scott Radiant beams from Thy holy face with the dawn Of redeeming grace Just had a random Ass thought about Miami I need to go back I can't stop watching K drama kill me, heal me Is so fucking good? I hate auditing I hate auditing with A Miggestion so much more Black Ocean, Cold and Dark, I am the hungry shark Fast and merciless Nah, coco pops have Fully lost their taste, Jamie Oliver, the nonce Santa needs to pay My college tuition, though So probably not Life is too precious To do anything less than What makes you happy? 'Cause I don't wanna Miss the way your body feels No more, no, I don't Huge congrats to you Your fans are happy dancing All over the globe The red carpet is Never gonna be finished In time at this rate I need my coffee Injected into my blood Stream for max power All things considered That might be the best navy Drive of the season Always blaming me And spreading rumours is that? The best you can do I see people act Different when you make'em Do they part, Shit sad? I'm so lazy, right? Now, so I asked Siri to Tweet for me instead People need to stop Speaking for everyone, I Can't relate either People pay money To see others believe in 'self Kim Gordon I been grinding non Stop lately, I think it's time For another trip People are salty When they see you moving up It is what it is My mom bought Captain Morgan and Brandy tonight's Gonna be a mess Is he being hit? On by another god, he's Going back to bed? I can't guarantee Any of those days, but I'll Make it if I can I'll be getting mine Next Friday, I can't wait to See you and Aaron Whatever we build Gotta be able to stand When I'm not around Being wine drunk is A whole different type of Drunk, Lemme, tell you Whatever you do Just remember to keep it Real like Ian Beale I would rather step On glass, then watch another Minute of pub g The future is so Unknown, I'm ready to see What it throws at me? Moist potatoes and Gravy corn, steamed broccoli And Hawaiiian rolls If you're wearing red Sox gear today, I respect You and your choices How are you going? To laugh at yourself, but not Even move your face I'd tell everyone How disgusting you are but? You do that yourself I have a feeling Someone is going get me An iPhone X soon You ever just write? An answer and don't even Want to hand it in? I always wonder Who be talking down on me? When I ain't around My children will grow Up watching what real love is Between two people Be my peace because I've already got a lot Of pain to handle Are you going with? Then that would be amazing To see you on stage So now the only Option is for y'all to do The dance together The higher you want To go the deeper, you must Be planted, pastor There's a reason why The whores always stay single Never get a man What's the difference? Between in laws and outlaws Outlaws are wanted No one should ever Have to wonder why they were Never good enough Think I'll agree with Ye just getting used to the Setting and layouts How do you expect? Me to freaking sleep when I See you not sleeping Can we fast forward? To Friday when I get paid And it's my birthday Lise's come to easy Loyalty is hard to find So my trust fucked up I'm convinced that no One will ever love me as Much as I love them Boiler has broken And apparently my land Lord won't cover it I wanna go home And watch Coach Carter or get Rich or die trying In other news, I'm Jamming to vivid on my Walk up to campus Support my account Was hacked into by someone In Iran, please help I can't believe I Had super long hair, what the? Fuck, was I thinking? What started out as? An enjoyable thought turned In a nightmare You will always be In my heart, no matter how Far, we are apart Damn people, really Be out here having their shit Together one day Can someone slap me? On my behalf I'm in need Of a wake up call So glad I'm lucky Enough to never have to Watch my team on sky Can someone please be? Happy for me, or is that? Too much to ask for I can't believe y'all Be sleep on, take truly don't Know shit about shit Al Sharpton needs to Go back to the quarters and Shut his stupid mouth Yeah, I'm dying to See it, hopefully I'll get To catch a preview He's gonna have a Bad day, if he ever thinks About crossing me? I bought Miracle Noodles the other day can't Forget about those Can I wear only? A sports bra at a concert Asking for a friend Early rest is in Order today, but for the Lucky few, I guess Bible study was Just what I needed tonight God can still use me Do you ever have? The feeling that you always Have to do laundry I'm not pressed about Going to parties until? It gets warm outside Thinking about me? Being home all summer makes Me cringe a little I'll never cheat on Jessica, my nail tech, I'm In love with her work Having ur nails done Is so weird how do people? Do this all the time Damn somebody's truck Just got repossessed from the Metra parking lot She might be single But somebody fucking the Bonnet off that bitch Growing up watching As told by ginger, have sucked A few years ago I miss my sandwich I wish I had a sandwich That never ended A person in class Did they even teach you how? To count in Sudan Yep, my new student Putting her down, he took his Goggles back, let's go I really want to Go home, I don't even care About the money I have this weekend Next weekend, request off, but I forgot what for Sometimes I just want To tease and talk dirty to People in Spanish You girls get along? Now I don't want nobody In jail or nothing I wonder if we'll Ever find each other in? The same path again I remember when My brother used to make these Stuff of sandwiches Someday, someone will Accept me for what I am And for who I am T you're going all The way out into the woods For that, can I come? I really would love To go to Giraffe Manor I would be content I'm already your One true weakness, so let me See the rest of you When God go really B bless me, I'm running with it I ain't looking back This trick, Samara Used to always be throwing Up the next morning I'm so fucking broke That I can't see more fucking Hope inside of me Spellman is too big For them to be going in Wrong to the hole, man Looking forward to Having my first Thanksgiving At the crib Thursday To always believe That something beautiful is About to happen My skin is playing Me right now, this better B An April fool's joke Stop asking for my Opinion if you don't like What I've got to say gusto ko mag eat Sang freshly and newly baked Na bread or cookies Wit and humor can Only get you so far, you Have to level up No, please delete this I can't become obsessed with Mini food again Now listen, what's the? Point of hiding his hair, if Not for a comeback I trust eye contacts [ Voice tones and actions] Why I? Do care about words The saddest moment Of the last decade is when Fergie left the peas I don't recall one Good or worth to remember Moments with my dad All the pretty girls Are always small or lacking A really big butt Allow me to step Away from this bullshit so I can rethink life I was trying to Avoid being stressed, but I Guess I can't help it Okay, I will sleep Now, good night, you wonderful People, I love you I can't stop thinking About this nap I'm going To take on my lunch I'm a respected Officer, I don't drink drugs And I sleep early New to your channel Not too long ago, but been Loving your content Yeah, I thought about This yesterday, but I changed My mind, he caused it Sun shimmers gently Coyly, a few orchids drink Quick apples blossom Excuse me, are you? Gay, I always like to know If a guy is gay I'm trying to trust This process, but yet you not Showing me nothing I have the biggest Crush on lil Aaron, his green Hair is like a drug Conte confesses that His starting eleven was A wrong selection I don't understand Why people think it's okay? To joke about rape So many parties Tonight and I just wanna Go to all of them Nothing is better Than having someone tell you That you look happy I'm going to watch A silent voice to feed this Strictness inside me Making vegan steak? Tacos for the Patriots Game tomorrow night Only new records At the gym today and I'm Stronger then ever stumbled upon A Podcast called describing A Rock and I love it Sitting on my steps Listening to oldies and Drinking is a mood Why does something so? Precious have to be contained In such a weak shell Bound to fuck around With some polymer clay and Bang out to some mac Trump is a corrupt Mob thug karma is coming And she is a bitch I just wanna go To sleep and I'm fucking wide Ass awake I'm pissed [Barcenas] Yeah, but You exclusively play meme Games, it's depressing Still sick, hopefully Picking up some medicine? Will help me kick it I've been trying to Get rid of this baby weight For almost two years Honestly, I just Want a girl to support me? Peach ring addiction Wanna get so drunk? I forget about my whole Life at this moment The lane I travel Feels alone, but I'm moving Till my legs give out A pair of pigeons In the budding cherry tree Stable morning rain The second dream, I Just remember saying this Is what the gays want? And some people don't Want to take hormones either? And that's okay, too I can't stay any Longer here, it hurts to see Everything in here Whoever put this? Dub shit on my timeline is Gonna catch a block Reno's song by Miss Quincy from the album, Your Mama, don't like me I can't fucking wait For people to hear this song I'm so proud of it This is the fastest My wifi has ever worked And I'm ecstatic Almost finished with The Space Trilogie, Gonna! Read yours after that You ever feel like? You're pushing people away Without meaning to I have dancing jeans And I have non dancing jeans That's all I'm saying Soo I'm driving to South Carolina, just cause I'm mad at my job I just texted u About this, Lindsay, our Minds, I'm telling u Rutgers will receive The opening kickoff and We are underway You are beautiful You are strong, you are worthy And you are enough Hey, people huddle House is open all day and All night, just saying I was supposed to Go to the game today, but I'm feeling like shit Lord and endurance And I remembered the Lord Desires are saved Please do submit an In game ticket and we can Help fix this issue Anyone else feel? Like they genuinely will Never be enough Someone somewhere is Looking for exactly what? You have to offer Shake, I wanna try On myself, but I just know I'll fuck myself up Ever hear a song? Just smile at the memories It has behind it Jo, the only one Make shit happen for me when I ask lol sometimes Things I like hearing People cheer at the baseball Field behind my house I'm pulling cards and Posting pictures today, bitch Play wit yo, Mama Mueller is going To submit his report and Nothing will happen Honestly, I can't Wait for March March is going To be the best month Thanks for the follow Michael, I hope you have a Very fine Tuesday This email has been Posted on the moon, the bees Won't leave me alone? In these matters, the Only certainty is that Nothing is certain Clearly, no one knows A damn reba song, look it Up, does he love you? Really wanna go Hitting tomorrow, but there's Probably still snow I will coma late Again why this stupid bus? Always come early T fisher, wow you? Don't want me to stop weeping That's rather cruel I fucking hate how You try and always make me Look like an asshole My roommate is in England right now going to Europe is my dream Is this the secret? To catching Jun all this time This was the answer I've waited far too Long to cop a water pick Thing is astounding Did people forget? How to treat others, how you? Wanna be treated? Uhh, hello, how are we? You, I am just wondering Where is the album? I am being blocked Fring messaging to Fox News from Twitter But honey, nothing Nothing can ever change this Love I have for you Some days I amaze My other days I leave My keys in the fridge I think I followed Someone by accident, but Okay, they seem nice I'm sick and tired Of being sick and tired Fannie Lou Hamer Me listening to A depressing song, man, why? Do I feel so sad? Did anyone else? In Mississippi, have their Power just cut out Why does everyone? Always volunteer me to Say the wild shit, lol I'm just trying to Splash up as much knowledge and Wisdom as I can I'm always in the MOUNTAIN TO Adventure Places At the worst hours I'm howling that, Piers Morgan views himself as more Manly than James Bond Why compare your life? To the next person, if you Want it, go get it Between tori and Paris, today I just need To turn my phone off Make you nor worry Keep staying loyal, I go Surprise you one day Trips are well needed This summer, the month of June Will be good to me White people love to Say, I think I'm powered out After a large meal Ever wanna just? Be nice to someone but still Wanna just choke them? Have you had enough? To drink today, maybe have A nice cup of tea I love conversing With people who educate Me with random facts I wish David Land Was a real place, I wanna Meet all the Davids But nope I'm gonna Watch TV today, something I do twice a month Access to finance Will also drive the supply Side of this demand Listening to this? Rain is making it is hard To get out of bed I'm really trying To push myself to finish Up all this homework And he's doing a Research for his company By driving, uber My cat is chewing On plastic wrapping in the Dark again, send help People love asking Questions that they already? Know the answer, too Wanna know what hurts? Ur friends leaving U when u Needed them the most No wonder people Don't like going to the gym I can't feel my legs Harry is so hot My God, it's too early to Be feeling this way This class is kicking My ass man, I even dream About the lectures My time again to Say something I'm logging out For food and coffee The Patriots lost And the Lions lost my day Is not going well? This is gonna be The longest hour of my Whole life, holy shit Always been dealing With my own shit by myself No one gives a fuck But hello, Taylor Swift invited me to her House still so unreal I just finished my Appointment I'll go get Cat Food and Dan's laptop I'm really ready For one direction to get Back together now If this offer is Still on the table, I'd be More than happy to God, I really hate This semester, but I'm glad It's almost over Someone is botting My tracks and giving me fake [Plays] What can I do? I'm not quitting but If anyone wants to buy This Twitter, I will Wow, my mother is Never in her house, I should Go home and eat food Only I would have An extreme mental breakdown On what could be the? I'm going to try To get into Harvard, just For the hell of it You never know what? Someone is going through so Don't judge anyone People come to me Because they know I'm giving Nothing but the truth Lebron has been so Fucking toxic today it's Really hard to watch No one is better Than you, even if they think So and the reverse I'm enjoying my Day like always don't forget To enjoy your day My professor told Me she met the Beastie boys And I'm so jealous Congrats to Bruno But I really wanted to See that go to rap Don't be afraid of Losing people be afraid Of losing yourself Velour, I like the One lone exclamation point It adds character This really might be The worst episode I've seen From family guy There's hardly any Joon in either teaser, please Feed me, I'm needy I told my girlfriend I don't want anything for Christmas, just a dog Can all this weather? Fuck happen during the week And not on weekends Is locking your keys? In the car, a profession If not, it should be Please, welcome to the Stage mother Nicole, find the Note: Girl Kardashian If you want something Bad enough, you will do what It takes to get it My electric wine Opener is charged up and Ready for this game Warriors lose this Game and I'm slandering them Till I'm in the grave I was thinking more Getting to know them as a Person, but this too People are only Gonna hurt you, so you might As well get a dog I never got why They disabled comments on The Tour diaries I'm tired of my Mental illnesses, can I? Just die already Why even post the? Picture: If you're going to Cover your face up Why do I settle? With women who force me to Pick up the pieces How about Eddie? The Eagle from England, he Was a ski jumper? This evening may be Worse than expected left My wallet at home Do you ever just? Re read text messages and Relive the moment Why is the concept? Of being friends with your ex So weird to people Wow, sorry, I missed All your messages I was Watching the office Wow, very stunning And beautiful and very Sexy, love the boots Someone want to buy? Me the battle pass and I'll Pay you back Friday Gonna smoke a joint And rewire the surround System in my room Life has really got The best of me recently That's all I can say Someone was clawing At my windows again, what? The fuck do you want? Never put yourself In a position you can't Get yourself out of I've been in Walmart Three times today because I Keep forgetting shit I also take birth Control, but no one seems as Concerned about that? My sister's weddings We're going to be so much Fun and I can't wait I'm taking it one Day at time, staying humble Focus on my grind What I'm telling you Shit for if you just gonna Assume I'm lying I'm so glad, Isabel Is my husband fuck it up? Baby, fuck it up! Howdy, Mary Anne Gillespie, nice to see you Thanks for the follow Spending time with my Neighbours be making me want A kid of my own Fuck, I love crying Like actually tho it's My favorite thing I love receiving Taking pictures of my boo At his baseball games My classmates are so Hype for the trip, May Allah Ease our journey Fucking disgrace ref No consistency where have We heard that before I don't exactly Know what love is anymore I do miss it, though I'm always annoyed When I get here because he Is never on time It's difficult for Made men not to cheat only Few ever get caught I need you, baby Like I breathe, u baby, I Need u more more more Might fuck around and Try to get an Oscar in Sound design mixing Wanna let go but? Ion really know I heard You got a girlfriend? She calls people fat And threatens to kill people How is this okay? I love this retreat I'm so new and confused, but I'm living for it Happy morning to Everyone count your blessings And keep hustling Use the boomerang Effect, that's all I have to Say thank me later Holy shit, guys, the House, I'm babysitting at Is for sure haunted? Spokening my grandma This Christmas was one of the Best feelings ever You ever read A? Message and like this is why I don't talk to you I'm petrified of Nipple chafing Andy on The office kills me How about maybe? You should do some lecturing To make it worthwhile Alright, I are my Sandwich, I was craving time To get my ashes Google search how to Get over the fact that you ruined your own life I be wanting to Stay home and do nothing but That shit is boring Trying to outgrow? This social media shit But I love Twitter Ion think people Know the definition of What being rude is? Y'all act holier Than thou but be sitting with Devil, how that work? I hate having a Busy day tonight, it's back To the drawing board Five thousand thirty Fifty thousand, twenty one Nine thousand, ninety Thank you for always Taking a good care of me Will miss you a lot Why not spend money? On catching actual bad Guys, instead of kids What about doing? Something about big pharma Oh, wait, they own you The hidden colors Streams are still my favorite With you, Jeff Patty Well, maybe it was Not one song, but maybe more A certain substance I stop everything That make me happy, really I don't feel happy Nothing bothers me More than being patronized Because of my age It's getting harder And harder to want to get Up and go to class You are valuable You are important you are A gift to the world Took everything in My power to get out of My bed this morning The Western Plaza Location in Bearden is Open, come on in Only if you don't Take away my juice boxes He really likes them This is precisely Why there's less actual men? In the world today Well, since I started Cleaning, I might as well see What's under my bed? Natalie does kill Me every time, she says Because you know why? There is no knowledge Like thinking, and there is no Honor like knowledge Even when you stay Out the way people find A Way to speak on you He who cannot be A good follower cannot Be a good leader I feel like Tupac And Martin Luther King at The same fucking time How can I explain? A cod designer, what real? Graphic design is Sent myself to bed Because I'm stopping myself From having pizza Some people like the Way it feels some people want To kill their sorrow Be your forever Be your fling baby, I will Be your everything I'm reclaiming all The time I've wasted faking Orgasms for men Shit's not gonna be Good, I already feel it Building up inside Can we stop saying? This like we old enough to Be having kids now I love getting drunk With my moms and just venting It's a fucking mood I can't believe that Dude is the president of The United States Sir, it's always A Business doing pleasure with You random drunk guy? The hardest things in Life you can make simpler Only if you try My doctor had me Do a breathing test, she said I suck at breathing Wearing a denim? Today for college, Bobby We were meant to be If your dentist is Hot consent as you pass out So, you know it's real Don't expect people To listen to you if you Won't listen to them? Dear manic panic You cost way too fucking much Don't ruin my hair Merry Christmas, Joy Thank you for being on my TV twice a week I'm laying on my Bedroom floor this, what I get For eating so much Explain how you guys Decided to pick up Josh Johnson, instead of I don't really know How to use them in English? Because I'm stupid I hate when people Ask me stupid questions like Bitch, leave me alone When is the deadline? For the Browns and Landry to Reach an extension Even cowboys like A little bit of rock and Roll just so, you know Happy Mother's Day Mom, Rose, Rose, Marie, Katz, love Rach Dillon Evans I'm trusting God with Whatever will happen in My life from now on I want to visit Centralia, it's dumb but I really want to I love the feeling When I'm high, if only it Durant all my life The second people Start acting funny is when I start to fall back I'm sitting in front Of the TV like I don't Have a test this week Did somebody claim? It was for the middle class If they did, they lied I've been working out So hard I can barley move It hurts to cough, lol Cough syrup, go me Dozing off, I can see you In my after life I just wanna come Home nap already here's to Another long day I let people think Whatever they want, I just Keep getting better Dear Evan Hansen Tonight and I'm so ready To get my cry on I need someone who Gonna stay up and make sure I make it home safe What do you expect? Out of someone who thinks Fox Is a real news site? What is the forecast? To release new users, thanks For your attention Cut their salaries The don't work anyway, why? Are we paying them? Nothing feels better Than laying in your towel After you shower What's another night? Sleeping alone, I'll be fine Everything is fine Concept, I feel so Robbious, I could hear into Sky and burn cities But believe me I'm Fine, but I'm lying I'm so Very far from fine Delaney told me That my existence reminds Her of Monsters, Inc I wonder what it's Like to have senators that Don't screw you over Happy Monday, friends Here's your friendly reminder To change your lancet I love laughing so I like it when someone can Make me laugh a lot The Penguins tribute For Fleury has me sobbing He is so special This is absolute Bullshit, I hate everything Dear, cruel world I barely get up Early for work, but here I Am pre gaming for? Life always has it's Way of showing who's meant to? Be in our lives Some younger cousins We're referencing memes I Was just gathering I miss the silent Barracks and being able To do things alone Think we get otis? Reese or Quay Walker, Taylor Stuart or Campbell? My brother will be So happy when I send him These songs tomorrow There is a reason To everything, always ask Why never assume? Dangle, where do I? Order my free cookies, I'm All in, are you in? I'm so upset I'm So disgusting, no wonder Everyone hates me Foster the people Indie pop, I love Foster The people so much My angels, why do? They have to suffer, I wish This was a nightmare We never bring you Up, I know someone somewhere Needed to hear this I hate laying bed Sheets, it's so annoying and Gets me frustrated Even having two Puppets run around the house Can't get me happy Who told Jamie that? We wanted a live album Who was it own up? Friends and I agree That Chester got revenge on A torch probably I've never been an Animal crossing games and The fire starter Really, what is wrong? With you people, this is the Best Tweet of the day It's either they are Too clinging or too detached Never a balance Back to being my Ciudad, pure un slutty self For another year I have an update On the Louis shoes and it's Pretty fucking sad Not falling for it Until he does it again In our next match Just remembered that David's pumpkins exists So that's positive And, oh, you're gonna Love me, you're gonna wanna Hug me and squeeze me You just said public School is not enough until There is free college Not trying to be Enough, just trying to Get a free ticket I hate people that Always looking for someone To feel bad for them Is there anything? Better than toast and butter I think the fuck not People don't even Get in trouble for killing Black people no more Everything has to Fall apart so it can fall In place again Every man cheats Some just stop doing it some Just keep doing it Gucci mane the truth Was the most damaging diss? Record of all time I wanted to leave My apartment today, but That's not happening Brad Stevens is a Wizard calling inbound plays Out of a timeout What someone orders? From Chipotle, can tell you? A lot about them Sprite, tropic berry From McDonald's, don't say I Ain't put you on game A secret is what? You tell everyone not to Tell anyone else Like denying care To those without insurance I wish it were so I can't save myself Even when I don't be wrong I still blame myself Never been so scared For December to hit till I went to college Uh, oh, I'm hoping Chile has an export ban On them nom nom nom Char singing is the Biggest punishment for me This Valentine's Day Steven Adams might Be the most underrated Player in the league I'll be back very Soon I just can't handle all These, I'm so sorry Yeah, until they say They just wanna hit it then It's a problem, lol Okay, calm down, that's Not how uno is played, I Have the instructions hoses are sky blue Stoleans are tan sugar Is sweet and so on I never ask you Because deep down I'm certain I know what you'd say I'm just now learning My two year relationship Was based upon lies What happens in your? Classroom today impacts the World of Tomorrow You should be writing Like a marketplace in love With a potpourri Sometimes I like to Blow off steam by performing Oral sex on steam Being hungry and Tired is the worst combo Do I sleep or eat? Can you believe Eve? And Garrett knew me when I Lived with my mom, wow? Liberals run the Airport, what do you expect? Complaint to Mayor I work downtown next To all these restaurants yet? I don't eat shit, lol I'm just going to Let the person for me come To me in due time My dad's just going To work as I'm getting home From the library Ion, let y'all know My losses cause I know y'all Wanna see me fall? I've been trying to Go to a Chivas game since I came out the womb You gotta get fucked Up and go to the movies You just have to, Jack Reading in my bed Just before sleeping is such A peaceful feeling Wenger has to go Now enough is enough he's Turned into a joke Thanks for the favour And you player is injured After an own goal People put it on A pedestal, nothing wrong With your decision I'll forgive myself Even I'm the last person I want to forgive I'm the reason why You always gettin'flared Take a shot for me I'm out here trying To get signed or have someone Help me develop I can't imagine If my dad is no longer Here with me one day What is Matz doing? I'm not even watching the Game and I can't look Nothing but bad news Since that Kavanaugh guy got On the Supreme Court My dad is obsessed With fish I'm crying I can't Do this anymore Someone noticed your Typo bought the domain and Used it, you want wit I really need to Finish my laundry, but I'm Not feeling it, lol The Bridgewater Hill Wildcat formations when drew Retires goin to be My little brother Taller than me and his arms Longer than mines, wow? Why does my nephew? Bring so many fish home when He goes out at night If you ordered a Senior shirt for the senior Field trip, message me Yes, it's about time People are held to account For breaking the law That's not adding up At all, so I advise you Just to stay at home Funny how sometimes? Things go better when you are Not even trying I just heard someone Singing the opening song From the Lion King Sworn to fucking God If revival don't win, I'm Going to explode? Where is Selena? Going now, I dunno, she's Going off somewhere The Warriors win And the Capitals lose what? A day not to be Why is it always? The preachy leftists that are The worst offenders You really are A Fucking boob Graham'so woke You're in a coma Super cool of you To come visit us was great Hanging out with you? I get really sad When I see Lauren, go to Tiger without me I stay passing up Jack in the box I wanted A damn cheeseburger This happens to me For eating a whole bag of Popcorn by myself I'm about to die In the backseat and Denike And't just talking OK, you right, but I would want my husband to Save our kid too Life is a tunnel There is always light at the End of the journey You got options, but? I've been chosen to deal with You the way you like? I regret reading More about Dominic Raab What a soul less scab Does anyone know? Any online streaming sites? That have subtitles Yelling and screaming At my momma making her Cry on Mother's Day Brother's, I see you Guys are still moving awesome How have you all been? If anger drives you To become disloyal, you We're never loyal I hated pancakes Before I got pregnant and Now it's all I want What are you setting? Out to conquer today, this Week the year to come It's coo everyone Gonna get what they deserve Sooner or later Watching Gotti with My dad for the second time This vaca, please help Hire trans people To portray trans people in Films and TV shows I feel like eating Roll rice sushi, but I'm too Lazy to make it Today I do what You don't so that tomorrow I do what you can't Concorde message for You, sir, Launcelot Concorde Concorde, speak to me I'm really tired As hell happy I finished My hair earlier Want a good winter? Workout shovel snow for two Hours you're welcome I'm having fun, Ram Singer on meme live, come and Join us good morning Hope you are feeling Better looking forward to Your show tomorrow Hey, waiter, I want A new shirt and a pony Tail with lemon sauce Sometimes you gotta Play a little dirty to Cover the skills gap I left Carla's house Not that long ago, and I Already miss her Collin Sexton, my Favorite player, that boy Got that dog in him I'm honestly so Doing bending over backwards For everyone, lol The Mexicans wept After trying for a while I am four feet tall Adopt a highway Parent, your very own road Clean after your son It's not about the Money you make it's about The money you keep Mask your expressions appear to be calm, they won't Read your intentions I love summer, but My obsession with summer Clothes is unhealthy We are the event Planning masters, contact us To plan your event In the middle of I can't kill myself and no But this is my grade Current state of the Union, I'm getting bigger Than all of your mans I know you've taken Harry to wrestling, do you? Enjoy it as well I've never wanted To be around adults more Than I do right now It was an honest Mistake, stop exposing me You dark mode user Just registered at The Twitter Yellow Pages Are you listed yet? Keep these fellas on Their toes until they man up And give you a ring Need someone to start? Punching me in the face, if I stay up too late I honestly hate How money can't just appear? In my bank account Wow, Sophia Grace And Rosa, are all grown up Now I feel so old I ruined something That I thought I was going To have forever Bucky sat back down Feeling even more tense and Uncomfortable than before Nothing will ever Top that lip ring selfie, but Boy, he is trying Smileing at someone Who dislikes you just to piss? Then off even more It's a beautiful Day, what are you doing for? Your workout today Calling it now, John Gibson wins the vezina Scars are disgusting Fast and furious Is genuinely the worst? Franchise of all time My country got in The finals first, a really Nice turn of events Oh, it's not easy Oh, walking to the bathroom Journey to the West I'm afraid I'd be Turning to the wrong people If I were to fold Just wanna get home Watch the office, can I be? Off work already Haters will see you Telegraph and be like he Can't afford a car Fast and furious Movies will always be one Of my favorites I'm a gamer who Wants to run away but don't Call me by that name What ya gonna do? With the extra money buy Another pink hat Tyler Joseph is A great writer and I am Very proud of him Ray Wilkins football Expert has died, we won't hear Crap like that again Will I ever not? Forget my signature tune In next week to F We look forward to Greetinging you back in the Very near future Fucking decent when Immature little pricks throw Snowballs off my car Have a character Selection let players chose Who we want to be? Thanks for the follow Norman, have a great day and Keep in touch, Derek In conclusion, Newts Rule, I wanna be a newt When I grow up, please Happy birthday, sir Be young, stay young as always Have a great day, sir Culendo and Peak My haikus are fucking dope All betwixt be damned Your art is really Good, your art inspires me to Improve my drawings Good morning, enjoy Your Friday, whatever you Get up to today I really want to Fuck the pope, his holy cock Piercing into me I need a boyfriend I like consistent sex too Much to be single Driving around Wilkes Makes me sad it's gonna be A good summer, lol One of my closest Friends made a human, I feel Like I'm in a dream Oh, that's easy, what's? Your favourite chocolate bar I'll see myself out What is the reason? The subconscious directs you Away from the truth Now you trying to? Find somebody to replace What I have to ya? In the cellar The cellar there was the end Of this tangled clue Is he attractive? Or is it just the golden? Hoop on his right ear Why can't people just? Be honest, stop trying beat Shit around the bush So Miss Taylor is Officially back to snatch All the awards, huh? Steelers are working The panthers, oh, and I have Big Ben on my bench You will not succeed In college, if you do not Have self discipline Me, Hannah, would you? Give him a hand, Hannah I'd Give him everything I want this Russian Curber to scream in my face Then stab me to death Shit, there's probably Real equity in terms of Getting to eat lunch? Waiting for my phone To fully charge so I can Head to the city Well, today was one Of the most horrible days Of this semester Need a dope graphic? Designer looking to get Paid today, tagg'em Life is much bigger And more complicated than Your expensive car I broke my headphones I feel so lonely at school Without my music Super jealous and Excited for you, sir, hope It was a great time If the derby ends In a draw, y'all promise to Stop watching it now What exactly is? The goal fit the Clippers why Would you resign Lou? Work is finally Over now to tweet until I fall asleep, lol Good morning to me The annoying sun is not In sight, I love it Will someone remind? Me about my skype meeting Saturday at noon You'll be much better Off without me, but you'll be Lonely without me Today was Disney Music Day in the Kitchen It was a great day He's picking up the Heaviest thing he can and He's carrying it Sarah, set yes, please Because I need someone to Be a wimp with me Sometimes a girl is So fine, u gotta move quick So you don't miss her Stop hitting me up To hangout, I don't even Like any of you She's mad because she's mad because she's mad Wanted you to sack up and Give her instruction For some reason, I Think I already know what? The results will be Have Liverpool let? The work experience, lad Have a go in goal Okay, I'll never Remove a tweet from now on I said what I said Trying to post up? Josh Hart is like trying to Post up a brick wall I don't wanna keep Taking these pain killers, but? I'm in so much pain It's silent outside When it snows, literally Can't hear anything I'm not like other Girls who are claiming I am Not like other girls After last week that Was an absolute disgrace You should be ashamed I keep having dreams That something is going to Attack the Earth, lol Oops, I always said What I want to, said Pardon My cat attitude I just am appalled At all, the disrespect like Fuck you and fuck you This dinner is too Inefficient, I should go home With the cutlery Ben will remind you Continually, that Gremlins is A Christmas movie Somehow, yes, Christmas Always bring us a joy, right? It's okay, really Tried on my wedding Dress again today, still more In love than ever Well, I remember A certain incident where? We cut a line tho It's never money Wasted if ur investing In ur mental health Sometimes choosing to Be a good person is so Hard and exhausting I only have one Class on Fridays and I am Honestly, so blessed Insecure men will Always try and make you look Like the bad person There's so much power In her, I did something bad Performance I can't Hurrah, I'm gonna Be the mentally fittest Lady in the home Did a book signing? Yesterday and now I'm banned From the library Heel yourself first Before you tell somebody Otherwise, to be humble I love wasting time On the internet in class Instead of working Just imagine me Saying fuck you everytime You ask me something? My gut feeling is Coming back, I'm trying to Just pray about it Are you really A? Michigan fan if you don't Have in your name, lol It's always a fake Holiday when it's time to Come out of pocket The most essential Part of checks and balances Is the people vote? I saw a picture Of me last summer and I Did not change at all I really don't think Before I do shit and that's The fucking problem Golden State has been Twitching for a sneaker, just For the paint to chip Remind Pa day Monday, no school for students Have a great weekend If I get jealous Don't get mad, be happy that I care about you I feel really good That I'm not voting my lack Of voting matters I really just be Wanting to cry myself to? Sleep every night Feed is a little Choppy on my end today So I'm struggling I gave everything I had away and look jokes On me once again And he continues To support us, I love him With all of my heart My ear is ringing Who is talking shit about? Me this damn early Your welcome, Hun A Wonderful blog, hope to read That book myself soon Nolan is mad at U for not wishing me a Happy Mother's Day Being by myself Is really soothing I get? Tired of people The only thing free In life is love and bitches Charging for that now Vlasic got pickled By Mackinnon on that goal It was a raw dill Makes me so happy Seeing the people that I Love being happy I really need a Workout body I've got to Get back to myself Gray's solid yankee Pitching was tainted by the Lack of run support Looked cute yesterday Looking like a troll today It's about balance Bill Walton is a National Treasure, how dare? You speak ill of him When am I gonna? Ask you my damn question, get An answer this time Distance is not A Barrier, we are watching Live from Zimbabwe The grind never stops Buddy, we knew where it would Take you to the top If I'd really been Trying I could have taken You in a second? I knew someone was Gonna talk about them damn Cords, but it's OK I want a salted Egg potato chips in the Middle of the night Can someone tell me? If the Lewis game is home Or away tonight If you've already Say it's okay you'll have to Act that it's okay I hate eviction Day like I don't be having Time for those people Ever had a drunk? Dance party with your babe in The kitchen, no shame My birthday is in A week and I can't even Look forward to that Only the sleepers Don't see the danger of the Caravan, sleep on I'm loving this pain I'm feeling working, Ian Goin to sleep tonight Is the universe? Trying to tell you something Can you see the signs? I just wanna be Rich, so I don't gotta be Getting up early I could probably Count the people who check up On me on one hand They never want to See you doing better than Then remember that? My mama bought me Some just joy oil, chile it Better grow my hair From a city where? You don't make it out staying On the safer route I'm so tired why Did I agree to hang out? With someone today Happy new year with Love and happiness to you And your family What negative ways? Are his lies affecting your? Quality of life Curious, do your Own residences in Trump Tower have sprinklers That was a savage Win for Young Mnster today Super stuff from the I cannot believe This video made me lose No, nut November How can I complain? About anything when the? Weather is this nice? No worries, doe I? Have actual friends who gives A fuck about me It sounds silly, but I don't think I'll be content Until I'm a mum I hope I'm never Rich enough to think plastic Surgery is cool My stomach loves to Start acting a fool when I'm Around someone cute K did the sweetest Thing for me today can wait To get rich with ya We're all gonna be Old and ugly one day then What will matter, lol? My iPhone is my Office notes and calendars Keep my life in check My dumbass went home To get clothes and forgot to Get a damn jacket Baby, you deserve To stunt like I'so baby Tell me what you want Stress, worry and fear All work together, I stay Away from each one Good morning, it's my Sister's birthday today and I kinda miss her When did water stop? Solving hiccups because this Fried yam wan kill me Only bitch boys leave There trash on the table and Not throw it away Oh, fuck somebody Got my Twitter, I am one Sexy woman, though I forgot how good Melodrama is that's what I call an album Oh, my fucking god I've never seen anything Like that in my life He better keep that Same energy when I move Back to Chicago All the internal Battles that come with being A nursing student You can have almost Anything you want if you Put your mind to it I stopped soda now Snapple is next, that's gonna Hurry, I bleed ice tea Keown is screwing Mate hates seeing Sanchez at United the cunt I've never hated How my life is going more? Than I do right now My birthday is near Christmas, so I better get A gift either way Sorry, been working On some major hits, hope your Weekend is the best I almost said good Evening and had to double Check what time it is I've never felt so Conflicted in my life as Much as I do now About to see Black Panther, let's see if it's good Like y'all are saying Sometimes it's hard to Understand the reason why They are mad at you From this day forward I vow to completely fall In love with myself You deserve so much More than anything I could Give you, I love you I'm putting up my Schedule for November and Man, it's so empty My eyes are looking Really green today, so girls Put ur mans away My baby brother Gone make me drive to Raleigh And put hands on him Can you believe that? Today we're one day closer To Louis's album I enjoy the fact That the turbo button slows Your computer down At least it's sunny Out today, that sums up how Shitty Monday's are Father's my dad and Sonic Twitter is why I Decide to live on I'm hungry and I Have a headache, probably Because I'm hungry This is about the Comedy scene in Portland Things are not okay It's almost time to Show off that summer body I'm too humble though I heard nothing and Like that stupid dress, refuse To hear anything Tell me something, I Can hold on to forever And never let go Why is everything? So fucking shit right now, fed Up with everything I woke up today And was like holy shit I'm Gonna be alright God looked upon the Children of Israel and God acknowledged them Excuse the hiccups Forks and Lake Sutherland, we Are doing updates? What is the purpose? Of you coming in my life Just to waste my time Good night, love, pilot Girl, I think you really love It kiss for you love My daughter will have Her own series, this is what She really deserves Why does it always? Have to be my computer That takes forever This is exactly The kind of motivation I needed to hear I still can't believe What you did, I really thought You were different Focus, eat well, sleep We'll work, make money travel Repeat note to self Can anyone tell? Me something to help me feel Better or cheer up My boyfriend's going On a sick trip to Europe And I'm so jealous Lemme, find this pic Of brandy with a straw in His whiskey bottle They're not gonna put Baby, don't stop on Apple Music either, huh? I really do not Want to take this anger out? On other people This fool is pissing On money and I'm scrounging For bold burritos I got soup, ginger Tea and Euclalyptus oil This cold gotta go At Barrington High School library, we stand up For the right to read I never asked to Feel this way about you why Do I feel this way? Your album is so Good, honestly, I love ya Continue like that Why do I always? Know about things before they Have even happened? Ever wondered what? If you met the right person But at the wrong time Folks, I'm going to Debunk this episode of The weekend packers I'm not gonna run Away I'm not the type to Leave you on your own Never searching for What I want, it always comes In my direction The relief that comes Over you once, all of your Homework is complete Never pay too much Attention to time you can Go crazy, trust me The devil seems to Be the only one that can Help me at this point I want to comfort You, but I know to myself That you'll ignore me And trust I never ate over u bitches house Or use your bathroom All my Twitter drafts We're deleted, does this mean? I'm a new person Grown men and women Acting like fucking children Man, that's pathetic Ahh, this reminds me I always want to read non Fiction and then fail That debate you have With yourself whether to go To the gym or not After knowing the Typical white trump voter I have to agree Forgive and forget And love all and everyone Is the way to go? Don't be ashamed of Your hustle, nobody will Feed you if go broke Maybe one day I'll Enjoy Celery, but right? Now this is nasty For all the poets And musicians born before Their time, Bob Dylan Your a freshman in High school is easy to call Bye bye, little punk Sometimes you gotta Hurry feelings, it's the only Way folks understand I like to study With people I wish I had A study partner I want some coffee But I don't know if it'll Make my plasma thick You better have A Damn good explanation, to Even cancel sex People calling out After watching a sport on TV is child's play Today I was told Sada, baby looks like a Fat Odell Beckham Why do I always? Cry at the end of movies I've already seen You should be writing Like an attachment, fleeing From a coverage Christmas is a month Away and I still have so Much shopping to do [Laughing Hard as Fuck] Yeah, the truth can be funny That's called Irony Having to turn down? Jobs because I'm already Booking is bittersweet Good morning, I see There are no pictures, all men Do is disappoint Why did I agree? To the gym tonight instead Of going at lunch Anyone else would? Fold under this pressure, if They were in my shoes Thanks for joining me Today everyone I'll see You guys tomorrow? Treating good people Bad, bad people, good is one Of my many skills Fashion is what you Adopt when you don't know who You are Quentin Crisp I'm always the one To check up on everyone And get nothing back How do the raptors? Keep putting their season in The hands of Vanvleet Too much power to Someone who's been against me Got to cut that out Next bad series and Brady's gonna start screaming On Josh McDaniels I'm so fucking bored I want to go do something But what is something? How about put out? A list of the best public Courses in each state If only they could Bench doug marrone for A Competent head coach Happy birthday, Joe Hope you have a lovely day And celebrate well I wonder how long This will last millions of us So little of them My grades are slowly Going down and I really Don't care anymore I've loved Jennifer Lewis, my whole life I want Her here forever I hate when something Takes you extra long to do Because you're tired I'm still up typing This paper I can't wait to Get a break from this My grandma is in Vegas for Christmas, my mom Will be in Memphis Brave women are like That they're attracted to men Who needs protection? I really needed The skating rink yesterday School is draining me Crazy how you can Feel alone even though you Have friends, family You need someone to Make your life easier, not To complicate it I am watching this Just leak the episode now I cried at the end I need everyone To text me because I lost All of my contacts Alright, this will be A fun, wait how long until The police show up I'm ready for hard Drugs fill me up with poison And leave me to God Have I mentioned how? Incredible, you are and How thankful I am Wow, that seems awful I definitely could not Live in Atlanta Gonna be so hard Trying to not spend all this Money I'm saving They won't even let Her talk, they really need to Shut up and listen I been working too Hard, I really been grinding I move in silence Maybe we should learn To be more efficient when Asked hours prior Honest people like You will always win in time Keep up the good work Harry wearing a Dress oh, my fucking god, how? Much I needed that I don't recognize Ray, he never lets Aldridge Eat on him like this Y'all really weak and Macrosoft, speak your mind, sis I Love a vocal bitch Never go to bed Afraid, stay awake and plot Your revenge unknown That would be perfect Fox would go ballistic, which? I would pay to watch About time for that yearly Harry Potter read To make me believe Potatoes are just Some of the many foods I Won't get tired of? Petition for jae To stop body rolling while Wearing his guitar? If we lose, Garrett And Linehan needs to get The fuck out of here Pluto lost its mind Ala Steve Bannon when it Lost planet status I'm about to have The very last class of this Semester and I'm Time ticks painfully Slow that I wanna go back To where I belong Do you ever just? Want to slap some sense into? People because same Did something happen? Recently, that made Europe Hate us even more Change is the only Certain embrace it and Let's grow together Pretty women, when? You just wanna sit there and Admire her beauty I suspect I'll be Looking after you, how would? You look after me Finished my six weeks And made amazing progress Now I keep going He really did that And I got distracted from My book, oh my God Wonder was a sweet Movie: Jacob Tremblay is A little treasure I'm not allowed to Be happy or feel good I'll Always be nothing I wish everyone Worried about how they smell As much as I do Exactly, but yeah I agree so fingers crossed Everything stays good Culendo and Peak Acid rain pours from the sky Tears return to soil Your success in life Directly depends on your Active core beliefs This movie is so incredibly bad and weird I love it so much Does anyone know? Any good artists that sell? Nice tees or sweaters And I gotta say Time is slipping away what? Will it hold for me? Honestly, I hope I never have a marriage Like Beth and Jerry That was random, I Wonder what made you hit that? [Friend Request button] Tonight is a night Worth forgetting time to get Dubious fucking drunk Ready, player one Is such a unique movie? That it blows my mind Welcome to Buckeye Nation Brian, we are so Happy to have you Bitch, unless you are Saving the world, you got time To reply my text Wait, is this gonna? Be your only Twitter au Or will you make more? Filters on babies Is honestly the best part? Of the Internet Donnie Edwards is A man wow this season is Full of surprises I'm just gonna say It I would show her endless Love and affection I have a spirit Daughter and two god children I don't need children Clenches, fists I want Someone to sit on my lap And be cute with me The problem with you? Is you always see my flaws? But never see yours Cold syrup got me Dozing off, I can see you In my afterlife Future planning is Stressful, I wish I'd picked a Four year, uni course I'll pay someone to Get me subway, I just don't Wanna leave my house? Damn thinking back, I Smashed a lot of women at My old apartment Is there a writer? Who writes different genres? Not just one genre Wishing I was still Cuddled up in bed with J Instead of at work You can't say nothing About black without someone Saying it's racist Congrats Mike, this is The year that you're finally Going to have friends Yes, finally half Time for today, only four More hours to go Now that December Is over, can we please have? Our people back I'm trying my best To answer to you all but This is not easy Even tho my sis Betty is so mean and strict I love that bitch, lol Alumni and friends Tent that will be located On Erickson Field Can hardly believe It's the same player from the Start of the season Sorry about that Jordan, I will report this To the control room Try to picture all The guy's trying to scoop the Ball off of his ass Sad that I'm hiding Chocolate chip cookies in my Closer from the kids I have been trying To summon the courage to Give you my number The older I get I swear the picker I get When it comes to food Like ur super whack And boring, go learn a new Language or something? For the time being I'm assuming the smash game Is an enhanced port? Put the wrong sticker On the party, send it back So I can fix it Bitches talk shit on The internet, I pull up Put an end to that She was an angel That made even the devil Want to get heaven? Somebody hit me With their car before I go To class tomorrow Just trying to help A few people's holidays A little better I jump on Twitter Just to see Mac Miller is Gone damn r I'p Being mean will not Bring u anywhere but a Trip to Asshole World Drank a bottle of Water filled with chia seeds Yes, I am skinny My grandparents fell Sleeping in the living room And I am starving Love you too, because You are beautiful in ways You can't imagine Ari and Liz should Go ahead and do a full On mean girls remake I'm gonna log off For a while now again, so I'll be back later Just wanna know why I open up to strangers But not my parents Alright, boys, let's go Hit they have a taxed bullpen Let's get into it You ever go back? To get something, you forgot And still forget it I think about how Lupe calls Tobias Mister Gay, almost daily Being poor is not A character flaw, fuck you And ur fake gospel I get why, Micro Transactions exist, I just Don't agree with it The sweetest creature On earth, thank you for being You, you bring me home? Just like the console My game genie went bankrupt Twenty years ago Update: No donuts So I settled for some old Mini mart egg rolls I will keep biting You until you take lots of [Miracles Without it] What do they believe? A minister can do that A president can't But whatever I'm Not a people pleaser and I hate kissing ass I'm gonna love you Like I'm gonna lose you like I'm saying goodbye He's a fucking child I'm gonna hold my breath til I get what I want People watching can Be pretty fun, I see why The French enjoy this People are worried About this blizzard, but I'm Ready to eat, lol If those people do Anything to that dog there? Will be hell to pay I will never lose My faith in God no matter What anyone says? I'm really looking For prices to fly to New York and Tahiti I legit need to Camp at least twice every Three months or I die Somebody asked me What I'm doing tonight, I'm In the bed, Chile Why do I always? Stan visuals, they do nothing But make me suffer I really woke up Because I think I left the Window on at work If you're going to Hurry me, go ahead, do it As hard as you'd like Time to fuck around And start making fire beats And rap over them I need an excuse To start drinking, I found it Congrats Tyler, cheers Suffice in silence Jesus, lol, I'm surprised you're Not a stoner, lol There is no power In knowing anything, if You don't apply it I wonder who had This number before me, I Got a few weird calls Today I learned that One man's trash is another's White Elephant Gift My eyes are dying So I'm gonna put this thing To rest for today I told my momma We always gonna be straight And that's a promise I got rear ended This morning, my day only Went up after that Spending time with my Family, that's all I want As a Christmas gift Finish it first and Stare at the teacher for such A pathetic quiz Showered and ready To start the d never mind Going back to bed? I have never been So confident the leafs are Gonna win this game Yo some females will Dead, let you do anything So you won't leave 'em Talking to myself Really helps sometimes it's a Way to keep me sane If you ever feel Sad, please remember you have All the love from us Sometimes it's okay To be selfish, time to do What I gotta do It's a great feeling Whenever you lose your best Friends outta the blue I wanna be friends With so many people but All of you scare me You have to believe In yourself when no one else Does Venus Williams? Whoever you are Thank you for supporting me Goodnight and be safe It's either I tweet Memes or rant here on Twitter There's no in between I have these stupid Little nervous habits and They're so annoying Merry Christmas and A joyous new year from the Point blank, family I can have Daniel Caesar James Arthur Sam Smith In my ears all day I really need to Vent, but no one ever have The time to listen Triple science was The best lesson to nap in I don't even care I've been meaning to Come out of the closet for A while I like boys Trying to find A Distraction to distract me From my distraction I fell for someone Who's never gonna fall for? Me, how should I feel? I never settled For nothin, that's when I knew When I was special Why does my snapchat? Also say I'm trying to Chat with everyone Good morning, carry On with an attitude like You can't lose today My counselor told Me, I was perfect today So it must be true Get yourself a man That knows how to optimize His battery life Guess I gotta watch About what I tweet so no One gets offended [Claires] David, have an? Awesome Christmas and see you In the new year X I'm not saying that Females are better, but I'm Not not saying that Like I'm pretty sure I can file a restraining Order for this shit We just chilling and Fucking, do you even know? Who you talking to? Wait, so Boston won The world series so like we Get the cup thingy People with no kids Love to give their opinions On raising them, lol Can you fucking hear? Me screaming because I am To fucking happy I was watching and All the sudden there were no More new episodes Bitches going to? Be mad and I'm still winning That's the real issue I booked my cabo Trip today with the other Gals, rach bach, it is Are you into that? Because everyone else is Or because you are Nothing upsets me More then a insecure ass Female, oh, my god How many fruit snacks? Do you even have enough? To keep me alive Sometimes I question Meas, if I should still stan Lauren, I'm confused Been putting in dirt Seem birth not even sure if I'm really from Earth I really want chick Fil a breakfast right now, but Of course it's Sunday I've started to just Not give a fuck anymore And let things happen I need a thorough Massage here soon, especially On my lower back Sometimes, u gotta Save it all just to See a huge impact I offered my seat To my crush in middle school The bus was empty Somebody please give Me the updates of Karen's Interview with Raj It's so difficult For some people to leave you Be when you're happy I think I'm gonna Do to the Drake concert when? I get off tonight There are so many Reasons to be happy and Make people happy Update: We had A Serious talk today and I understand more Guys, this is Russell Wilson, but everyone will Forget by next week How do house parties? Work, what are the mechanics? Of a house party Favorite film, Matt Always watch it on Christmas Eve with my daughter Vintage is one thing The dress is definitely On another plane I wish someone had Put me on to his music A long time ago Tired of putting Everything I want to do On the back burner I wanna know that Nobody no face can take You away from me? DAvie Bate's trying Some form of scorpion kick On ye go, big man I want an excuse To wear my new cute jumpsuit And purple lipstick We'd be having a Much different debate, if He crashed a tesla You won't be able To do anything with it It fucking sucks ass India needs such Leaders who are very clear On their decisions Time for a little Bit of classic slim dusty Rolling down the road Learn to walk away From folks or conversations We need alone time I've had good evening On repeat all day today No regrets at all My head is throbbing Being sick hurts in current Need of some oatmeal? This is the only Kind of loyalty I will Accept in my life Why are you even? Snoring to give her this Kind of attention But I've already Had Spurs fans saying to me? He's going nowhere Who owns this account? And follow up, question can I run this account Every day, y'all Find some drama to start, do You not get tired Why has everyone? Got an attitude with me Today I can't cope Don't look so worried Jakob, I can make a pot Of tea in my sleep All the drama queens Taking swings all the jokers Dressing up as Kings I had noticed you Missing off Twitter, Sophie Nice to see you back Next, this flamboyant Nazi who is getting whacked? With a baseball bat I just finished my First college tour, I must say It was very nice I have everything Written out how I want it Doed and everything I am taking care Of my mental health, I hope To be okay soon I hate being in Love with you, it never fails To disappoint me Getting my uber? Driver's Snapchat on Tuesday Night was a mistake Breaking new David Price is having a bad start In the post season I'll be staying in Tomorrow drinking wine and Being faithful, lol I'm just trying to Remember how it feels like? To have a heartbeat The worst enemy Of Islam is that Muslim? Who is ignorant? Painting with a twist Was so much fun our girls Night was a success When you care about? That certain person and you Don't know what to do It's so annoying When my nose continues to Run for no reason Happy Madrid won But heartbroken salah is Missing the World Cup? I really a hate Seeing a faithful woman Getting cheated on? Sometimes it's okay To look dull in order to Keep that inner peace The human eyes can Only handle so much pink And this is too much Funny how normal Hogwarts seems to be compared To the other schools A little but I'm Trying it might kick start me And my broken heart Saving is so hard For me, but I love knowing I have that money I have been going To sleep early nowadays Shit was getting real You are not obliged To respect adults if they Do not respect you Gotta tell myself I'm broke everyday just won't I won't spend money Finally gave in And turned on the heater rip To my power bill This is crazy, the Government can stay away From my bank account Can't believe I'm out Here, existing and shit damn Really makes u think Lucky for you, there's A bonus round, but pore Steve I'm afraid he's out Not working as much Has been a blessing, but not For my bank account I forgot my lunch And of course all the vending Machines are broken Been saying it for? A while now Ed Hardy is Making a comeback Recently, I feel like I've been working pretty hard Outside of my job You can't be trusted That world of politics and Control can't fuck it Squinting and zooming In because I'm pretty sure I see my neighbor Honestly, you can Pull any look off a long As you rock it, right? Honestly, though, like He's such a vocalist wow Fuck Simon Cowell Shaun White is ugly Crying on his parents and It is getting me All the pictures and The windows on the walls are Closing in on me Love waking up just To be disgusted by the Art I made last night I keep dreaming of Cutting and dyeing my hair And I think it's time I'll probably start The meme tomorrow if I'm In a better mood Love it, although a Small part of me wants Josie To be with Reggie Scientists are still Searching why the world visit Means sex to ladies Only I can swill Someone, then get everyone Kick out of courtyard Sometimes, u gotta Give yourself credit for the Things you do for you Wearing a poncho? And I feel like a baby In a damn meadow Baby, try me once You put your pride aside, you Know where to find me? I really need to Start thinking before I speak I say some rude shit Just a reminder That banquet forms and money Are due tomorrow? Best thing on Burger King's menu is the Hershey's (Sundae) Pie hands down Never thought I'd be So happy to be back in An old pair of jeans Columbus, give me Suggestions on local food Places to check out Spider man is my [ boyfriend] Check my header if You don't believe me Last day of filming Dream tomorrow and it might Just be the hardest U forgot he dashed A chair through a bus window At him, war is war I look forward to Growing old with people like You leading the world? Beautiful, thank you To our friends in Japan And Merry Christmas You're on the telly You probably know that, lol Have a great week X No one says zombie Bear is the definition Of craft affection Next week, Michael D Daddy, tate, uh, do I look? Like, oh, wait, I do I rarely try to Explain it, I just eat it Up and carry on Can you imagine? Seeing that in real life, I Would totally cry I honestly don't Know what project I'm going? To listen to first Neva, knock someone Off there grind, just focus on You and you alone The message is don't Make false accusations and Never trust Feinstein In this country, you Need to get the money then You get the power Give me your tire Your poor, your sullen asses Yearning to rave free I can hear someone Blogging the royal wedding In my neighborhood Tell me the story Of all your tattoos to see If I still like you I really want to Forget all about the last Two days in my life I can hear someone Wailing outside my window And I want to cry Thank you for always Supporting me over these Many, many years My stomach really Be on that fuck shit early In the morning, bro So many chances For the Raider's defense to Intersect the ball The most boring world Series ever baseball is A terrible sport Today was such a Shitty day, I just want to Be with my baby I just wanna go Home, but the crackheads gotta Make it difficult Thank you, Amsterdam Drank a lot of very good Whiskey I'll be back Yikes, remember when? Dan Bailey was really good At kicking footballs Justin Welby might Be one of my favourite People in the world The pain and feeling Is no joke probably should? Go to the doctor I wanna get this Shift over with already And I just started Gonna have to sort Which books I'm gonna take to? Ireland with me I'm so happy and Proud of you, you deserve all The love and support This is honestly Stressing me out so much, I Need a glass of wine? Any local friends? Want to play a Halloween? One shot this weekend Crazy how you can Be close to someone one day And the next nothing Will be doing all Assignments in one day, Mahn How can this be done? I'm really looking Forward to going home to Do nothing today Have you ever met? Someone who was obsessed with Somebody else, man But also how do? I get my eyebrows threaded When I'm in Europe Thank you, everyone For your kind birthday wishes Had a lovely day Will I ever stop? Saying big mood or is this? Just who I am now Looks like it's direct Rule from Dublin and London Bring it on, I say I'll try to translate The genesis and trap for You today, maybe? Wow, I am really Afraid of myself, I dug Myself a deep hole I'm never gonna Say goodbye, cos I never Wanna see u cry? Are you still going? To do the series where you Give out your secrets I'll settle down when I find someone who hates me As much as I do Can't be honest with The next person, if u not Honest with yourself Ms Vanzant, I love You current hair style, may I? Ask what it is called I'm about to stop Giving a fuck people want? Me to show I care It's so hard trying To get people to follow You back on Twitter? Southern Comfort and Tea with a bit of honey And a dash of ice Yes, they are really That stupid at the level That defies logic You never know what? The outcome is going to Be if you don't try Britney'so bomb I Really love her, even when She pisses me off Alright, know what I'm Gonna just get started, it's Spring time, anyway Think I will rely On my own judgement on Trump Not Pearce Morgan's I might fuck around And take philosophy for Fun next semester When I'm trying to Becoming a better person But it's not working The Internet and The Astroreal realm are the same In a lot of ways Hey, does anyone? Know where to get flowers, I Don't know what to do This lady who sells At market Friday, I can Send you her website Pretty sad that we Have to hang our hats on A freaking tax bill If she's allowed to Be part of the threesome and I'm not, I will scream I'm pro abortion No matter what you better Get that abortion I fucking hate when People eat my food biggest Fucking pet peeve bro I honestly would Eat a homeless man's asshole For some taco bell I'm about to rent The damn movie just so I Can finish it, lol It's really nice that We do things based on logic And careful planning Only your brother Can dismiss me, so you are Sticked with me, brother I hate getting up So early, especially if I fell asleep late Son, it never fails Every time someone gets Makeup in my shirt Amen, we all have To die to ourselves and Be born into him How am I supposed? To know what's happening, I Need a translator? This brave officer Has gone over the rainbow Bridge, we salute you Pretty sure, even Jahrzehntes from now, I still like Pretty ladies, thanks Stop trying to please Everyone, you'll be so much Happier in life Video and links Internet links are very Relevant than text U'my lil gangsta Bitch, you always b talking That gangsta is shit Can the weather cool? Down so the bonfire and Beer nights can begin You're never too old Drinking only gets better As you get older Might fuck around and Bring some diapers to A Classic Rock Station I'm afraid one day I will lose control and give Up just like me now I'm really just proud Of myself for getting out Of bed this morning Happy birthday, I Can't believe you're only A Year older than me Some of my cousins Distinct relatives are such Shit human beings We killed a vampire And a gym teacher, two birds One stone, am I right? Until this day, I Still wonder if you miss me Or think about me? Somebody take me To the hospital, my chest Really killing me Look how effective The maginot line was to Keep the Germans out Set of neighbors of This apartment in Paris Tops any sitcom? This weekend went by Too fast probably cause it Was so freaking wild The height difference Between Miley and Liam Was what I wanted So many things, I Wanna say, but I would just Be wasting my breath Sa ordered pizza Pizza delivered at wrong Address no redress Wow, just heard about What happened in Florida? Prayerd for the world It's only Tuesday And I've had enough of this Crap week already When Daddy Pig said What a nice day for doing Nothing, I felt that Not be dramatic But I am the world's biggest Baby, when I'm sick Nothing fucks me up More than getting a text with Just my name in it Whatever I don't Even care anymore this One's up to you, kid I'm high off acid And I feel like the devil I can hear voices And the lessons are C'mon Arlene, show us how Transparent, you are lettuce is the worst Green vegetable, it tastes of Water and sadness I'm not gonna lie Probably gonna get lost Going to this class? Yesterday I thrived Without a shower today I need a shower Barbra Streisand is Gonna win her third Oscar Tonight, just because Now, people coming In my room thinking they can Put tape on my door That looks dangerous Please be careful, but I am Excited as well Is it too early? For me to start drinking this Is just so messed up? (Mood) I was rooting For you, we were all rooting For you, how dare you? Old man, don't fucking Touch my ass when I'm getting Off the bus challenge How are u gonna? Be so trash and expect me To stick around next Again, deep cleaning You came over and you saw My room, so you know? For my techie friends What's a good gaming PC? Or should I build one? People need to start Telling the truth rather than Blaming one person Fake coughs again, yes I do, sweetie, I mean, my [Chucks are pretty red It's more expensive To eat healthy, think about How fucked up that is? Getting locked out of My own account might've been The best thing for me Hey, Dave Chappell, get On the trump train and maybe You will go places I waited for you In a branded coffee shop And was arrested Just a reminder Someone loves everything you Hate about yourself I wish music was In my blood, we saw coco Today I loved it Today I am dressed Like a hot topic, threw up On me, I love it I have been thinking About this alot lately And I think it does Someone is playing Loud music and it's bad and Making me cranky Fuck yo opinion The Lord of the Rings series One of the coldest Lord, am I going? To have another chocolate Bar now, speak father I have a really Cute outfit for tonight, but I cannot find it Have y'all ever had? Someone attempt to order For you, food or drink Love your honesty Love your writing, it follows The kiddies love you Can we hurry up? Throw winter away, I had Enough of cold snow Fuck me cautiously With bananas and call me Tired of your shit I struggle so much To recall what happens in? Films and I hate it I always have missed Calls and I don't notice them Until late at night I'm falling asleep In my car before class starts I'm so exhausted If somebody wants To take me to Panda for My birthday, feel free What kind of wedding? Will you have instead of your? Own damn editors I'm so pathetic Where'd my seriousness go? I wanna fluff with And you talked about? Common sense, does your answer? Suppose you have it I can't stop thinking About the winnie the pooh? Ride at Disneyland I don't understand Why some people can't answer? A direct question For Valentine's Day My husband is taking me To red lobster, yum Our lives could have Been so good, but Mama had To fuck it all up I ain't clearing up Shit whatever they said, I Did I did that shit? I really like this Gopher men's basketball team I hope they do well Cross country pirates And Lady Pirates travel To Stockton Tuesday Question of the day Trying to figure out what? Ship I should go with Finally feel like I've had a decent sleep time To be productive Me too, my cousin And I just got our thirds On our ears done On the other hand I bet I'm Brighton to win So it's looking good Stop blaming others For your own mistake, S you'll Refuse it later When is Wilmington? Newark, line going back to The normal schedule I really listen To different genres of Music, it's crazy I have never been So excited for the mail To run in my life Sela named her car Pamela made the bitch go Off what in the hell? Shouted out to you In Park Plop the other day Thanks for being cool I'm getting fed up With this stupid job fucking Tip me assholes, I Promise me that you Won't forget to eat, drink and Take your medicine Lebron is the but I don't think even he can Pull this off tonight This dude is walking Around the gym with just some Dirty ass socks on I forgot my lunch My glasses and my debit Card at home, alright? I basically have A cookbook in my saved posts And links on Facebook Liv, you've ascended The friendship plane to being The ultimate friend I remember that I made a profile photo With the first photo No wonder were I? Get my anger issues from My mean ass momma After getting free Tickets I might end up at The ball, after all You are missing out On some quality content Over here, you know Just disgusting when Male feminist allies act Out their true colors No matter what, but Some late night conversations Are always the best Can someone tell me? He background story, cause I Really wanna know Wait, I bought tickets For Thursday night, instead of Friday night, oh, well I hope, Patricia Get rid of ebron and draft A damn running back Guess I can forget About my parents knowing How to use Snapchat? After all, those bad Memories I'm back again At Diamond Hotel The spirit of A [ hustler] And the swagger Of a college kid Alright, rich people Way to fuck over the rest Of us once again I can't decide if I wanna finish my back Or start on my arm Hot Rod will always Be one of the funniest Movies of all time I'll use my iPhone Until explodes, but I think I want that new watch Maybe you should have Never done the stupid bat Flip, huh, bautista This always happens I need to stop saying that I'm in a good mood Packing for Japan? Only one more day of work And then we are off Entered myself in A Uni yet, I still have No will to study I'm not flirting with You I'm a nice person, I Smile at everyone I pray I'm ready To receive everything, I Want when I get it? And perhaps also Allow herself to the same Kind of this service Only make time for The people in your life who? Make time for you too Even this tweet is Enough to scare me, I can Never watch this show Leaving on my last Break tomorrow so I can Watch the Super Bowl Love playing the do I have an exam in class Today or not, game Facebook, hey sup why? Not turn on your camera And mic, me get fucked And now that's over Dammit, there goes the only Cute comic I read No matter how much You revisit it there is Nothing new to see Maybe I'll do some Reading today, it's a hard Maybe, but maybe Today is Sunday For me, especially after The morning I had When Yoshi reaches The bottom of the cliff, the Orange is dropped I admire the new York excelsior so much They're so amazing It's a pleasure an Honor to be followed by You thank you so much Jaguars got a good Fucking chance to make it to The superbowl bro Merry Christmas, make Sure you come round to London Or kent next year X? Wow, I predicted The future and ended up A depression case Working full time is All fun and games until you Have to go to work Ugh, trying not to Get attached, but my heart not Getting the memo? The advanced vector To the Heavens Battle theme Makes me furious It's never as hard As it seems and never as Easy as it looks I'm supposed to be Writing a paper, but this Sleep is calling me God can only judge Me, so if I wanna smoke That good gas I am No one really cares That the US first lady is In Ghana, sha lol Tomorrow I should Be able to complete the Team Diamond Master I support the brown And orange, no matter what? This is our year Happy birthday, bro Kill it this year, I better See you at Vegas Only one ship can Rise the others, sink deeper Than the Titanic My Michigan man Was having a season for He's such a shame God has given us A pattern for salvation The Apostle Paul I love being home 'Sale I shut out the world Best feeling ever Why do people love? To go on with themselves when They owe you money You don't ever stop Loving someone you just learn To live without them That breakaway is Disgusting, no one's stopping This Liverpool side You know, I gotta Sticked to that paper, you know? I'm like a staple Slurp slurp, gimme the Buttery sauce, Father John I demand the sauce This is the summer For working on myself and My outlook on stuff No one will ever Care about you the way they Care about themselves I love this random Morning text or photo it? Can make my whole day This is partly why I changed my diet, I thought It was just me, thou Sometimes it's not at All what we want or expect But it's what we need Why is everything? Falling apart around me I don't understand Why are people this? Fucked up in the head, allowed To live on this earth Express your love to People that are important To you while you can Farewell, Miss Julie Logan would also make A Wonderful short film I'm that Honda kid Your parents told you not to Get in the car with Well, we are going To see carnage off the pitch And on the pitch to Good thing, my uncle Is a sheriff here in town? Just put the word out Life is a journey Not a destination, learn To enjoy the ride To all the people Who did me dirty, I hope A bird shits on you How have I managed? To pack five suitcases and I'm not even done Special thanks to my Study coach, but of course to The entire team Is there anyone? About that will cuddle me If I pay them, lol Hearing the news talk About how cold the weather? Makes me so happy Why are so many? People that I go to school With so annoying The shutdown was less Than a week ago, longest Week of my damn life Thanks for another Amazing show, enjoy rest If your day, babe X I'll probably draw More again when I get A New laptop, I think Sauerkraut, hog pee Under the power lines with A torn piece of gum Are you serious? Rabbit, reset again while I was on the page I bought the cutest Sparkly bra and panty, I Can't wait to wear it Would y'all be able? To wait til marriage to have Sex with your partner Yesterday was such A vibe I'm still laughing at All the pictures, lol I was bumping on My way to work this morning Great work, keep it up Playing hard to get Just makes me try harder, I Enjoy a challenge Just hoping he comes thru for me to complete this Get it out the way I'm going to be With my best friend tomorrow I miss her so much Ready, smooth, weirdo Dodge my anger, never shout And yell, oh yeah, yeah Whenever I show My piercing people cringe in Pain, it's funny, lol My nose is bleeding Why is my cold getting worse? Instead of better Why am I obsessed? With her people have loved me Like that, what is it? That's asking a bit Much they have only just met Today, after all I mean, how many? Other games have a giant Mutant zombie sloth Six hundred seven Thirty five thousand ninety Six thousand, seven I guess I'm logging Off laid ease, I love mister Jeffrey Dean Morgan The strippers are all Fighting on Twitter today So can I just add? I'm sleepy, but don't Feel like tying up my hair And getting undressed Why am I crying? On this train listening to This new weekend shit Speaking for the dogs All dogs are even the ones Who eat their own poo? I wanted to just Have a Christmas party, but It is what it is Damn, summer time, I Was waking up this early? Now I'm goin'to bed There's some alcohol That will turn you into A Baby, I swear, Ah I don't have Apple Music to listen to post Malone's new album Was this pic approved? For publication, take care Of those young ladies I can't lie myself I start to miss you even I hate parts of you My brother would be Receiving a nice surprise If I win this comp Jersey Shore is on Tonight and that's all I have To look forward to Thinking about him? Even though I know he's not Thinking about me? Four packages came Through today, I'm so happy Yay to new makeup Some people have a Lot of nerve to call others Out about cheating Hi, someone stop me From convincing myself to Change my hair colour I always get caught In the cart with the homeless Man, it never fails Two hard cover books Three foreign currencies and A toy lost today I can't imagine Surviving grad school without A black advisor What's happening, mate? You getting closer to A? Return, need ye back I don't like talking To strangers, so get the fuck Off me, I'm anxious Sad to hear about Sir Alex, hope he makes it And recovers soon It's starting to be Hot in la again, I can't Stay here for college I'm still a stupid Lazy dumbass, but it's not As bad as I thought Boys really argued That Donavan was better Then tatum, stop it God, dammit, wig kat Also, all fans subconscious Thoughts every game So are the falcons? Are just trying to have all The receivers, huh? You ever notice? That employees of pets smart Always look dirty This team is going To achieve same results as Last season, I bet One nation under Bugs Bunny with liberty And carrots for all Yeah, the weather cold And everything, but at least You got hot water? Beautiful world by Adam Crossley makes me cry And I'm not sure why I never thought that Ending a streak would get so Many people mad Well, I walked outside And the temperature is A Little high today It's funny how the Tables turn and now it's you Running after me I love everyone Who sent me funny stuff on? Snap to make me laugh I believe Hannah Allison has the record But I could be wrong Sometimes I'd rather Arguate with someone, then not Talk to them at all He's spineless, we all Know he's going to posture Then vote party line [man] Knowing my team Has Josh Allen makes me fine? With all these losses Working on a few Cajun songs with my fiddle Love Cajun music Focus on the bag Not the brag, let your success Do all the talking The endorphins, I Get from Chelsea, Dagger could Cure my depression The twins are acting So different like, did we? Do something wrong, or I just love people Is something you will never? Hear me say ever I would really love To be involved with helping The homeless in need I need a smoking Partner smoking by yourself Gets boring sometimes Finishing out strong I feel like I did better Than last semester Perhaps I shed A Tear or two or five, maybe I am still crying It's honestly so Cool to see friends doing big Things and succeeding Talking to a boy? Is cute and all up until He says I love you Sebastian Stan is Cute as fuck don't Tell me otherwise My stomach does not 'Agree with me when it comes To eating hot stuff This is so freaking Disgusting like how do you? Let them get that bad Merry Christmas to All my friends, literally Love you all so much We need more people Who know how to value the? People around them I don't even want [ Snapchat] Now I don't Know how to use it Be yourself and if Someone disagrees, get the Hey, away from them It's okay you can Be happy now, I am glad You are happy now Hello, I'm going On a ski trip tomorrow For my internship Would u rather be? Hurry for someone u love or Hurry the one you love Spectrum, why do you? Observe the people who pay For your services Question: Did you guys? Find who stole the tesla yet? I would love to know I'm getting so mad Feeling like this every Damn day over it Yeah, I'll study for My exam on Wednesday on Tuesday and Wednesday The pirate virus Has pillaged your computer? Go back to Ms Word Gutted, we have done So well, though desperately Need a new goalie Me neither won't get Any decent players, coz? We won't pay wages Purdue playing mo Bamba is why they're gonna Beat Ohio State Remember you ain't? Wanna pass the cup now, you? Wanna hit the club? Everything we do Jesus will forgive us, we We're all born in sin Allah, I just want My happiness back, can you? Give it back to me Thank you, ya sexy Bastard, see you pre season Fatter than ever Don't let anyone Change your agenda for their Own personal gain Have u ever been? So amazed that you just sit And do nothing, me Watching the Lions Was the most exhausting thing? I did this weekend Thank you for posting The picture will clap back if She does this to me Anywhere your best Ain't enough, I'll be the one To make it better I assume they came From the moon, Liam is so Many steps ahead What is the secret? Behind this amazing skills Of art that u do Me so many times Even when I know I'm on The last episode Don't be petty, don't Be petty, don't be petty Don't be petty lol Looking at pictures Of myself today and dang I look good in black I really just said To Robbie, I wonder who Won't the Super Bowl? I need a massage Vacation day, ya myself All of the above I can't believe I Saw Bo single handedly Escape jail tonight Cabello, I guess We are just never gonna Be together, huh? We have open shots But cannot make a basket To save our lives Nope, I highly doubt It he will continue to Be a moron though People talk about The lame shit people do then Do the same lame shit Once you become a Parent, it's just certain shit You don't do no more Getting pregnant by? The wrong person be careful Who you lay down with? Our freedoms are In jealousy, please vote to Save our country Does anyone know? How to freeze a swimming pool? Asking for myself Have the energy To climb a mountain, but not In bed to sleep Wherever you are A merry Christmas and A Prosperous new year Why is everything? And everyone pissing me The fuck off lately Why do people stay? Tell me stuff, I know and Thinking I'm stupid Hello, kind, sir you Are the highlight of my day? Thank you very much Man, oh, man, today Is gonna be a rough one? At the lab, but aye This is what happens When the SEC finally says No, you can't say that I'll just be sleeping Until it's time for me to Get ready for class Democrat, don't get Sucker into playing nice With Trump, go get him Maybe you need to Worry about your daughter Too, not just your son Never trust my mum To pour a vodka, want some? Cola with it, please Some people, really Care what others think about? Then I could never Do you understand? The violence it took to Becoming this gentle Once upon a time There was a chimera and It abducted you This is the healing Trip that's been expected not That mess in Taiwan Y'all be doing the Same shit every weekend Don't you get tired? Who needs Halloween? Decorations when I can Put up my selfies The thought of trying To have a great weekend, just ruined my weekend My poor baby is Getting so sick, I hate that I have to go work People really don't Feel you until your presence Is no longer there? Why do guys always? Have such nice eyelashes like It's really not fair Does today feel like? The longest Sunday ever Or is it just me? Anyone know why? Mister Rogers is in the News a lot lately I've gotten so used To sleeping alone, that I Hate sharing the bed That's how this woman Got my screen shattered today Christmas is ruined I cringe at people Drinking soda, I stopped and I'll never go back I'm having a tough Time typing today, maybe I should take a break Gemini, men love Playing in my face, I hate And love them so bad I love Valentine's Day because it's all about Love and I love love Bitches need to know Not to come for me, unless I send for your ass I'm not racist I Get along with white people At work perfectly Doing the good thing Does not always feels okay And that is bullshit Grandfathers fed me Today, that food coma had Me out for hours I'm always changing To make it better when are You going to change? I'm so heartbroken I honestly can't believe It rip Mac Miller Number one right now Rock me tonight for old time Sake, Eddie Jackie Duh, they ended up Just murdering each other Like murderers do His mother refused To go to the wedding, I Really wonder why? With the holograms Besides me, I'll dance alone Tonight, all my life Never close ur eyes For few minutes after your Alarm is turned off Let my boyfriend stay Or I'm calling the fucking Cops on this party I got in trouble At work today for something Dub yesterday, whoops? How would you expect? To receive compliments, if You don't give any It's equal to your Earnings, not what you paid in How is that not fair? Ladies, do you have? A problem with your boyfriend Having female friends And what fantastic Ambassadors, they will make Well done, everyone I really want to Start helping people out more And doing more good I wanna hang out With people, no one wants to Hang out with me, tho Everything gets more Complicated at the end Of the semester It was comforting To know I had fallen and Could fall no farther Runyan kinda late But happy birthday, Anna Hope it's great, honey Coffee in one hand Confidence in the other Let's do this Monday Why do people think? It's okay to always be Up under people 'Cause u never loved Me, but I believe u when U say it like dat Hello, bed I've been Thinking about you all night? While I was at work Lemme, shoot you while You're doing whatever you Love, I need practice I should've cut my Hair a long time ago I'm So in love with it Hannah, should I check? My grades that usually Makes me feel better Being tired and Not being able to fall Sleeping is the worse Salvation is free But the knowledge of God will Cost you everything I don't feel guilty Eating chocolate, but it's not In masses at all I'm gonna change the Subject before you think I'm Weird, alright, okay? Such was Halloween Havoc, but it was total Indie level work Why does my body? Prevent me from sleeping what? Kind of curse is this? This is about to Be the hardest, most painful Thing I've ever done There's a difference Between loving someone and Having love for them I'm getting my tag Card, and I'm getting something Nice to put it in I really need to Invest in a case before I don't have a phone You're everything I Need I can't live without you Let us fix it, please I'm ready for this Project bro you been putting? Out fire lately I already smell Fire tears the other half Of this semester Have a nice Wednesday Guys and see you at Alpha Today, take good care Satan says it is Better to rule in hell than To serve in heaven I need to update My avi, I don't look like That anymore, lol Titans Jags has been Everything I could have hoped Titans Jags would be My daddy can be So immature I hate not Getting what I want I'm gonna follow Everyone back in a bit I'm making asta I need some water And I refuse to drink this Georgia, tap water I just need someone To talk about what happens At sheetz everyday Kid Rock got fired For saying bitch now, let's see What happens to Joy? I'm really trying My best to stay positive But it ain't working We argue and fuss But anything I need, he? Always make a way I almost left this Open house with a rabbit Someone make me leave I get so annoyed When people ask me if that's My real eye color Hispanic girls are Super fertile, you gotta Be extra careful Y'all remember when Nellie tried to make country Music more than once When people ask me What I do while I'm doing It like this is it I dunno where I'd Be without therapy and I don't wanna know Just keep on living Smiley and hustling that Pisses people off Never dim your light Just because it's shining in Someone else's eye Low level enters He barely knows anything About the campaign Stars don't disappear They keep blazing even when The night is over Happy birthday, bro Wish you all the success have A great year ahead I really need to Stop drinking I'm becoming An absolute mess This move to DC Is becoming more and more Real wow, OK yep? Sidebar, if you hate Poetry ur lame and will Get what u deserve Hi which location? Was it scary that can make? Someone really sick You'll never know how It feels because everything's Just a game to you Had a nightmare last Night then I ran into A Demon this morning Not nearly as much Hot gas as you, Mr Jones Hot air, bad odours Gabriel, peace be With thee Louis Ginzberg, the Legends of the Jews It's snowing so much God, I hate everything, let It be summer now Our dreams are made Of real things like a shoebox Full of photographs I'm ready for this Good ass nap, I'm about to Take when I get home I am so thankful For my friends, no matter what They are always here It's a Friday and I ain't got nowhere to go Life is truly sad New shortcuts, win X U U for shutdown win X U R for restart Wayne really go off If you think otherwise, fuck You, your opinion? I dreamed about you And that was enough to make Me smile for today I really just rode All the way to Gresham Road In this fucking phone Rick Santorum is Projecting because of the Money he receives Gun violence will Exist as long as people Think it's about guns I don't even have A sleep schedule anymore It's gotten so bad Don't forget to leave Candy and blood bags out for Your local vampire I've completed the First semester, let's just say I learned my lesson It's something inside Of me screaming, oh, oh Let me live out loud Want a baby pug? And my new foundation to Arrive, please, X X I'm legit tired Of this drama, I want a Day of peace, sister I was just trying To play with shaving cream on My mobile hotspot I'm off tomorrow So I'm gonna drink a whole Lot of wine tonight My trailer now has Complete power, time to work On the water now No one is coming Ee hee that's disappointing I wanted to play Gee, I'm so fucking Angry, I need a piece of Cracker or something You are so gorgeous Girl with amazing body You are amazing If you really think Lebron is going to the Warriors, you're dumb Brock, Luka's better Not or I will call Michael Clifford about this Sometimes I get such An urge to fucking expose Bitches, but I don't I really need to Do me and stop comparing Myself to others A line outside the es on a Tuesday in the Rain, what is life, lol? Coz jin bebe will Marry himself, he loves it More than anything Nothing pisses me Off more than having to put Pause on my music Kendall is starting To sing songs, my baby is Growing up so fast Please remember to Save up diamonds for me, I Want to be with you? So if people want? To stop lying to me that Would be wonderful People will kick you When you already down, not Think twice about it My permit came in The mail and I look nothing Shout of a crackhead Call Mark Anthony Conditt exactly what he Was a terrorist? Wah, up needing God To talk to me about what? He wants me to learn I need new people To text who understand me And my weirdness, lol I hate playing with Random people in my park Shit is annoying If I'm not dealing With one thing, it's another It just never stops Just about crazy Dubious enough to go out On my own tonight My youngest has her First ever basketball game Today, let get it Okay, I've enjoyed The single life, but can I? Have a boyfriend now Can we talk about? Why the K state mascot is? Half cat and half man My day is better Tho because my princess is Being born today Just remember they'll Love you when it's convenient Stay true to yourself I've been so busy All day long, I'm so relieved Today is Friday Wow, I'm so grumpy I'm gonna go home, I'll come Back after I sleep Yo, you can perfect Ko a fascist in one try I believe in you I don't wanna give The wrong impression I need Love and affection I don't have any Mini Dope marshmallows for My dang hot chocolate I'm trying not to Read the spoilers, can someone? Just leak the trailer I'm fucking tired When I get I'm I'm going To be wide awake Would you rather have? Your phone become a tattoo Or have a great car Quick reminder to Never add me to a list Or I will block you I hate listening To songs that relate to your Side of the story I would say boycott The Oscars, but I never Watch them anyway Trump only chooses The best liars and racist For his cabinet Nobody wants to Put in the work anymore These days, but I will Dear December, please Be nice to us more credit Bank alert, Amen So you're telling me Tomorrow is Monday and Start of summer class I'm so tired of Sleeping, but I really have Nothing else to do All people are the Same the fuck, am I saying? I'm so sick of it That's exactly what Someone who's working on A New album would say Do you really have? To hurt me, do you really? Have to make me cry Yo, whoever just? Texted: Me can stop playing On my phone, thank you Is there a snapchat? Platform that will allow me To talk politics It's not about how Many followers you have Just enjoy the show I took for granted Your effort and for that I'll Always be sorry Seeing your mom cry? About your trash father is The worst thing ever Don't worry it was A test after this, surely He'll give you money Free thinkers, Vs People who don't ever think For themselves at all What's going on in? Texas right now, how's Gina? Ortiz Jones doing? My baby need some Pink Timbs, I wonder, will they? Deliver in time We need to reboot The Mummy franchise again With Brendan Fraser The image problem Seems to be fixed, great job Raising it so fast Let the music warm Ur body like the heat of A thousand fires I saw three Asian Bitch's in a McDonald's Was willing to help Turning myself in Here I also thought that was A pineapple square People that try to Walk back into your life like They never hurt you When u forget to Turn off the filter, see some Weird, confusing porn Why do I always? Fall for fictional evil People, it's not fair I just wanna know Why I'm always covered in? [Cruches] It never fails Crook, happy boxing Day, have a nice day ahead Keep following me I made baked catfish Sandwiches for dinner and It was really good You're the only one I notice it's really hard For me to focus I'm not gonna lie I'm a complete failure just Acting like I'm not Lewis has written Some great pieces for us and Is worth a follow? I have some solid Ass people in my life, right? Now I'm so grateful I think it's about That time I get a girlfriend And stop wasting time Here's that autograph For your daughter, I wrote it On a starter cap Yeah, that was about Have to the Holy Ghost put On speed dial, lol The Magnolia trees Blooming is my favourite Moment of the year The trumps fabricate Everything, then expect not To be scrutinized If you are taking [Flash] You know you are over The target, godspeed Putting my blankets In the dryer for a few Minutes before bed The funny thing is You not even that cute to Be acting like this I wanted to cry I mean, he just got married And it was Christmas Welcome aboard, I See you're following maybe You'll smarten up now I feel a little Down, so I'm just gonna scoot Away from the crowd I gotta buy more Jackets and coats everyday I'm missing something I'm sick and tired Of feeling this way and I'm Just ready to quit Is text yelling at? Me in German and I don't Know how to react If u call yourself Goofy, ur probably just Loud and annoying This picture is just Beautiful, I can't tear my Eyes away from it I'm ready to just Turn off my phone until it's Time for me to go You are the reason Why even when I'm so sad? I can smile again I don't wanna be Asked any questions during? The rest of my shift You never wrote you Never visit, how can you? Tell me you love me Such a good kitty Taking care of my pups while Alpha is at work For pleasures we pay A price for suffering we Receive a reward I'm glad sis OK That is so annoying, right? Before her birthday If anyone speaks  badly of you live so no One will believe it It's amazing how A sunny day can make you Feel so much better C is quirky, flawed And an enormous success Dennis, M Ritchie Trying to ash while? Taking a shit is a lot Harder than it sounds People are so weird Especially the people who You don't even know I'm excited for Trick or treating tomorrow? With my gecko boy Hair going back red Until further notice, you Call me strawberry Getting my haircut? At the barber high makes me Want to fall asleep? Everybody is just A countdown to when I can Get back in to bed I have Buchanan In my system now, how am I? I going to sleep Our dogs are so Fucking annoying bro they Bark at everything I want blunts instead Of candles on my birthday Cake, so it's lit lit Just for sensitive People who can see and feel What behind photos? Who's writing today? I'm on a deadline, so I'll Be here all weekend Now my brother is Being mad at me, Ty Lord For making my year All the more reason For Teddy to pay his fair Share of taxes, no Much like a cockroach A relationship will twitch Long after it's dead I'm sitting near A Pretty girl and a pretty Boy, what do I do? My nephew just rolled His eyes when I was trying To talk to him, help Amazon Prime might Very well be one of the Greatest things ever Going to take some? Tablets and see if I feel Well enough to stream Goodnight, sleepy head Herron, even though you're not Going to see this? Single people rule Relationships are to much Who has time for that? Make you wanna run Around naked cause, you know? It looks good on you I leave my window Open all night long and then Wonder why I'm sick? I'll be wearing shorts To my date this weekend, no Money to buy dress Because they value Honesty, they keep an oath Even when it hurts People love to be Outraged sometimes it's okay To live and let live Sometimes you have to Work a little to ball a Lot Tom Haverford No matter what you Do some people will always Find someone to blame Never believed it Before, but lately it's been Working good for me Wait, I'm not ready Lemme, just make some Twitter Subtitles really quick No, not all sorry But Tom Hanks is far better Appropriate for the job I really don't care Who wins this series as long? As it's, the astros My heart is breaking Over this shooting, when will Enough be enough It's always the old Ass white people that never Wanna let you merge? My daddy need to Hurry up and go home, I Need my packages I guess whatever I say is never true and No one believes me Will I ever get? A reply from you at least Once in this lifetime I cooked some salmon And it absolutely rocked Ladies, I'm single Can we speak after? I graduate college, please N babies are big Is this supposed to? Make it better, cause it did Quite the contrary I always forget You're an editor too can't Wait for Dana's book Brisk, but beautiful Morning good job runners and Spirit squad people I would never think Impure thoughts of master, she Told me about those I demand to know Which online comedy course? Mike Huckabee took How you from Boston? And don't even rep for your City wack ass bitch Woody the summer Wind, um, ah, came rushing in From across the sea I'm ready to start Back working, everything else Don't really matter Lifting the lid a Little, so people can see Who you are inside? Twisted crab is good And all but their customer Service is boo boo The White Toes season In full affect, rey be a Pleasant site to see Slime, I just reviewed The new weekend and it's not Looking good for mans Long live me, brothers That pass and gone forever In my heart and mind Thought for today, the Trouble with trouble is that It starts out as fun I been holding it Down for the wrong people, but I'm too real to stop Does Katrina do? Anything else besides dance? Numbers in movies I attended church Today with my best friend and I understand now Wait, you people eat Bread and pepper soup, how can? Someone eat that gosh People are trying My patience today and I I'm not having it Hate being ready To go out early, ugh like This is so boring You are wonderful Lily, I miss playing with You and your buddies I'm bringing a fish Plate into black panther I'm Really not kidding Trying your hardest In something but people make It so hard for you Be aware of who You're sharing your energy With center yourself I feel pretty good For someone who only got Two hours of sleep Before you flex on Me make sure you never need Me again, alright? Funny when those who Cry, Wolf, throw a tantrum when No one believes them My toner leaked in My bag, so now everything Smells of rose water I always forget That Jessica Jones comes with Surprise sex noises It's almost Christmas Time I need a shorty to Be my nut cracker Lovely day shopping In Southampton today and A bit of a lunch Oh, farmers, pray that Your summers be wet and your Winter's clear, virgil Only black people Turn down the TV to smell If something's burning I feel exhausted For no reason, I guess I'm Gonna sleep sooner Lay in bed crying At shameless, how else do you? Spend a Friday night Yesterday we mixed Six different drinks and it Tasted really good Because now they can Efford it without cutting In their profits Probably they had The building wired, but don't Want to admit it? Cutting my hair on Monday and let me tell you I'm hurtt about it It's okay to keep Quiet if you don't know what? You're talking about I say I'm going Out this weekend when I know I probably won't Recently, instead of Saying I love you, I say You're so lovable Everyone's out here Trying to take a shortcut To late adulthood This exactly the Kind of thing I wanted to Read about today Finished my facial And they ruined my eyebrows Oh, my fucking god I'm being honest I sit at home alone and Cry in bed at night I've decided to Make thousands of dollars a Day for some reason Wow, my better half Really lives for drama, he Needs therapy, guys I wanna fuck all Weekend might even take a Dick or two, who knows? Tre is fucking this Coffee up I'm going to Refuse this shortly Look what you started Now everyone wants to have A burner account Martin and Baldwin Are just such classic butler? Players tough as hell Hey, does anyone? Have a suggestion of A Gift for Mother's Day My head really hurts And I'm so sleepy, but I Need to keep working Packing for somewhere You don't wanna go, is the? Saddest thing, I swear Mitch McConnell is Not the speaker, but I get What you're saying? If we never speak Again, it is what it is I wish you the best I'm so tired and My grandmother is in here Making so much noise Happy Mother's Day To all our band moms, we Love you very much Sun through a window A cup of coffee and you You are my sunshine Y'all ever so gay You watch TV shows just to Look at pretty girls This father is A Father, he is a man and He is a good one Also, my mom likes To talk during the movies Which is annoying How are you guilty? Of second degree murder But not misconduct There's a wasp inside I'm currently looking for A new place to live That is no reason To treat me like I'm somehow From out of heaven I see the darkness Coming and I'm calling you To help set me free Have you ever seen? Anyone with this type of? Big dick energy Damn the Yodel kid Get so famous real quick that Kid is winning life If you can't recite Usher superstar with me We cannot be friends I feel like Baker Mayfield is about to do Something really cool One a secured might Be the only one, but hey At least I got one My body hates me For the lack of alcohol Subbed by alcohol When a door closes You can be certain that A Window will open Democrats win, say Bye to your extra paycheck Increase, not my fault Dear people who don't Understand the concept of Reducing, I hate you So we're leaving in? A few minutes and I'm still Laying in bed, oops You are master of Your own universe, you must Take your own advice There is nothing in This world that can satisfy My soul like you do It's the Internet Someone always has something Negative to say Gonna get out and Play some ball in the morning If anyone's down I'm never fucking letting myself get hurt like This ever again I'm like a parent Getting so hype looking at? These prom photos, Yo I like noah, but Casting him would just be a Disgrace to Batman Sometimes you gotta Feed the fish before you pull It out the water It's too early to See locals put in their two Cents about fashion Does taking out the? Garbage, count as a workout Asking for a friend Hello, I'm sorry For taking too long, Bebe I'm Adelaide Kane All I wanna say Is it'll be alright, but? Maybe I should lie There really are some Nice people that know how to Make me feel better If you're no gutting You're at Celtic, get out Of Scottish football Much like how trevor Graham is not still coaching Any top sprinters? This new recruitment Platform is amazing, say Adequate to job fairs Trying really hard To get my act together And sort me sen out Really gotta find My flannel from Saturday Or I'm gonna cry You are killing me I look forward to a snap Story about this Out of damn, Rachel Tomorrow, thank God, then new York in a few weeks How long was Brenton? Streaming I only got to See the first hour Aha, you can talk To me, I need an excuse To stay awake, D There is so many Little kids inside my house Right now, I hate it I had popcorn and Cheesecake tonight, not giving A damn about it No one over the Age of twelve uses the term Burn in that context That's the difference Between me, you you gone know How the fuck I feel? Yeah, I'm not watching Until Edelman comes back This is some garbage I need to study But I don't mind repeating This movie, thank you Who put the pussy? In the coffin, then make it Rise to God above I love listening To Robert Tony talking His voice is just so Taylor Swift, get off The political stage you're A slut, look at you It is not enough To measure one must also Try to understand I wonder if the Earth teases other planets For having no life And clearly your A Very jealous, black man, get Back under your stone My poor baby had To get blood drawn yesterday Worst feeling ever I solemnly swear That I am going to make Some spaghetti now Team with Jared West Paul George, Jerry Lucas Chris Paul and Jared West Hotter than Gotham City, I call that traffic The pussy monster I can't believe this After all these years, Carlo Merges this so much I think this cricket Lives in my tiny court yard Should I get him out? I'm getting tired Of seeing the fucking ads For the velvet shorts Listen, I may not Know everything, but I try My hardest to learn So looking forward To the show tonight birthday Treat for the hubby My nose keeps running I'm getting sick again, my Immune system trash Your promises don't Make your a better person Your commitment does I always work the Day after my birthday, why? Do I hate myself? Do you ever wish? You could watch a series for The first time again Feel like I forgot All the happy songs only Know the sad ones now? Driving high is just As bad as driving drunk don't Fucking, do it, yo? My boyfriend can tell Dan and Phil apart now, I I'm so proud of him Rundle, get better Soon, but maybe they will need To keep you away I've became numb to A lot of things recently I'm not mad at it Until now, hope you And your family have had A lovely day, Mike I prefer the dog Days of summer over the Cat calls of winter My dad forgot my Ankle was hurt and kicked me Right in the ankle Before you go and Commit crime, make sure u can Sit for those seasons Best daily, could you? Please help me post Amazon Deals in your Twitter It's very hard to Balance my urge to draw with My urge to play games Sorry, I missed the Call today am off sick will Connect with you soon It was on purpose Wanted to add a little Suspense to the show I don't do people How they do me because I Don't be on wack shit Good morning, are you? All done with posting that au Shit on my timeline I'm so ready for New York, it's been a minute So it's time to ki Just got my passes Now I really have to go This game in this sun Still having trouble With my internet banking What's taking so long? A lot of blessings Been coming in, but I'm not Bragging about shit Don't get why people Have kids and expect others To take care of them Thanks for being in My heart, you create the warm And the light in this Y'all don't be having That Mother's Day energy On Father's Day, tho Nothing better than An old fashioned sacrifice To appease the gods Stop and catch fire Is so freaking amazing? I love it so much If ever we meet Again, I would tell you that I still feel for you I don't be wanting To chill or anything when My hair looks a mess Has been a problem For the Lakers this season No one can guard him I really want to Go to New York City for My birthday next year Misplacing things at The worst possible time is A hobby of mine I gotta have this The view while looking at my Fine ass wife, a must I'm only drinking Green tea till summer and bev On weekends only I was kidding toots I know you'd never harm me Or would you laughing? A projection plays The night when we buried the Rest of our hope So much news today My brain catching up, sipping Small portions a time Don't even know how To ride motorcycles, but Need the savages Why does everyone? From San Leandro, have a? YouTube channel now Sometimes I forget How to wink but only with One side of my face Going wit the jags? Tired of seeing the pats? In the Super Bowl I wished people would Grow up and stop being so Childish all the time Uni is starting Today and I just wanna Be one with my bed Hello, can someone? Buy me a cash cannon for My birthday, thank you He locked his account While I was in the middle Of reading the thread Guys, Tom is doing Pretty normal things, really Cheering, Mummy, when? Random thought of the Day even though Tom Cruise is Mental, I love him The art of being Wise is the art of knowing What to overlook? OK, great, I'm stuck I'm gonna go help out my Parents or something? I'm sorry you lost Your son, I can't imagine Ty for the follow New England weather Is more bipolar than my? Crazy aunt, Julie I think I've truly Figures out what I want to Do with my life, Ty Jesus, watch over Me, I'm about to attempt Parking at Lenox I can ignore you Exactly like you ignore Me or more than that Living with boys is All fun and games until you Need to tan your back I can't find info On exactly what he said So what did he say? Really just want a Girl, so I can have someone To watch movies with Is it too early? To be excited for camp Asking for myself Squishy human friend It is time to put water In your mouth hole I'm never up this Early, but you gotta do What you gotta do? I'm not leaving the House until tomorrow when I get my hair done Alright, in just a Few seconds, it'll be time To unleash the gas Don't wanna be seen Don't wanna be bothered til I get my hair done Hate being sick, but Happy to be sick at home Rather than at school Let's try on dresses But I'll never wake up in A good mood again Don't cheat anyone In relationship, it's hurt Like dying inside Grey, autumn day old Toad is back in the leaky She'd Carla Sari In his behalf, he's Not really sure where he is Or what going on? I'm so hungry, but I'm trying not to eat cus I need to lose weight Watch out and listen Because people be having Their own agenda Sammy, your Sam is Still familiar with demon Attacks and all that Doed with cooking, but? This rain won't allow me go To the hospital This how he dresses Now to protect himself from Slipping on seamen I wanted to see Clive Waterhouse, walk Meghan Markle down the aisle Then practices where? I work through an injury Catching up to me Why do I always? Go to Twitter when I'm my Most emo at night [Laughing At Loss] Ha Pictic, I laugh at my Loss of will to live Who am I trying? To have a baby with so I can get some clout Good morning, I woke Up with chlorine stuck in my Head, have a good day Simple, common sense On many subjects, maybe It's a Brooklyn thing Totally fine, just Got attacked by my own book Nothing to see here I will never be A good person, I know that But at least I tried Anyone else get? Really sad when they finish A bowl of popcorn Get ready to burn In the sun, Brandon better Make it a quick run Th thank you, um Would it be okay for me? To rest on your bed Can't wait for Koko To become hoh, it will be An exciting week I know the feeling I was sweating earlier And the air is on I always delete [Midiots after I post'em Why am I like this? Meanwhile, in the real World migration is back to Pre crisis levels Alex, stop buying [ritalin] And snorting it In Thailand, challenge I love how witty People are scattered around This mall that I'm in Behind the make up Hair, eyelashes and eyebrows I know the real you You meet my body On the frontline, take me back Down memory Lane Okay, I was this For a party, but you look Better sis, go off It's just in, really Bad taste considering what? Happened to Scalise? Gotta add you to The list, when are you coming? Back to Chicago Momma always said The prettiest people do The ugliest things Legit, check on me Reply if I have helped or We have done business Compounding his lies Plus, Hannity will add some Of his own, no thanks If yo nipples pierced And you ain't wearing a bra Just know I'm looking The almighty has A plan far better than what I could ever plan I almost forgot What it's like to have money? In my account, wow? Well, the Twitter app Is messing up, guess I am Gonna go to bed Dying right now Never want to see a glass Of red wine again Can't believe, Marcel Cheated on Gabby, I was Rooting for them too I was thinking of Going home for lunch and then? The rest of the day You are amazing And loved, don't let anyone Tell you otherwise Thank God, almighty You will not be going to Washington next year I only know how To focus on one person At a time sorry I'm not gonna be What people want me to be? And that's why I'm me Why do I always? Find things out that I never Wanted to find out I'm so ready to Go home, I'm not sleepy, I Just want to go home Christian is going To chicken rico for me I'm winning tonight There's a hurricane Coming next weekend, man, I'm Just trying to see Dan, do you answer? People back on Twitter, if So can we talk thanks? Don't think I've ever Been so unaware of what? Day week time it is So am I drinking? Beer with an Irish dude on Saturday or Que Devil's day arrived Acid rain pours from the sky The end of all things Henderson, you have My charger, I need it, it's My only one, please I've always liked to Play with fire watching as The flames get higher Others do ur best Forget the rest, me do the Rest, forget the best Let me just slowly Back away from the pussy Like I always do The greatest power Is often simple patience E Joseph Cossman Have to eat chicken Noodle soup because I can't Eat anything hard How I'm supposed to? Sleep with all this alcohol And food on my chest Factual felt like A scavenger hunt today Looking for dumbbells? The saddest person Lively right now has to be Me, I'm heart broken Well, I'm single and I have the house to myself The whole weekend, so I told the waitress I ain't tipping I like hot Sauce on my chicken I honestly could Have asked for a better group Of girls at Uni One thing about that? Harder way you come out with So much new knowledge I was supposed to Go to the movies today But my ass was sleep Be grateful for what? You got because some people Don't even have that Oh, no, I'm falling Sleeping, but I've got so much More to do today I never thought I'd Witness an era where joon Has an undercut? How you gonna say? You want better, but you still Not doing better I cannot believe How happy my girlfriend makes? Me unreal, she is I see your Halo Is twinkle twinkle little? Star stolen template I honestly don't Want to be around my own? Mother at this point Prayerful for you and Your family today, good Luck today, God bless! Okay, get this A Few month ago I matched with This dude on tinder People love me when They can be wistful about Me and nothing else I don't even like Breakfast, I really have to Have a taste for it I am not fucking Over this look, how could you? Be so beautiful I better not catch Anyone doing this shit? Or we're gonna fight Been two hours since I got out the shower still [ chilling on my bed] I miss being laid Up next to you on Sunday's And every night How could anyone? Kill such an innocent soul May you rest in peace? My name is Jordan And I have a tinder check Me out on tinder Only I would pack One shoe from two different Sets of tennis shoes Start loving yourself And love every inch of Me as were it yours? How many years now? No Champions League football Kai, what is this life? Has anyone seen? The drama Joy is in is It worth checking out Offset has three kids Can't believe I was ever Attracted to him The Champions League Is better than any world Cup will ever be Left nothing in the Tank, read my review from this Fabulous night here And I'm still looking For you and I'll forever Be searching for you I bet Taylor is Waiting for it to get dark To show us the stage These dudes never saw Anthony Davis play lol Build around cousins Yo people from bucks County really don't know how To say, excuse me Daddy, I miss you I need you, I wish heaven Had boating hours Y'all get a little Livation in the system and Don't know, got to act I'm sorry, but what? The heck is Samurai Jack Not up for debate Somebody come wrap Presents for me, I'll pay you In trident layers Dessert round, Farro (Cannabs) tomato sauce, salsa Verde muffin tops I find it crazy How you can lose someone for? The stupidest thing In Australia once Again today, I've gotta Be setting a streak I can hear Lily The Hammer softly snoring And it's breaking me Stay positive, love Your life every day is A new beginning Remind yourself that You cannot fail at being You're wayne dwyer? I have a feeling This is gonna be one of The best summers yet Everytime I log In Facebook from a web Browser, it gets worse I was tricked into Thinking basil was on my Sandwich, not spinach Driving a car is Something we really ought to Not take for granted The concept of the App itself should make U A Bit suspicious, lol I am asking you Not to film me until this Master is resolved Henrik, Holm, my sweet Kind, beautiful boy, u so Precious and lovely Normally I don't Catch feelings for no one but You got me this time Can someone hand me? Some tissues, I, um, I have Something in my eye Sick of doing shit For people I never ask Anyone for help? I said this alot Actually, he's the first Person I thought of Let me delete this Before my man wake up, see How ghetto I been? If somebody wants To go to a haunted house With me, I'd love that Before you do wrong With a girl just think about Your sister, daughter Put a snake under His podium the next time He gives a lecture Sometimes I feel like I'm not worthy enough to Be someone's partner I am so looking Forward to having loads of Holidays this year I just had pancakes For Super Wow, I'm gonna Suck as a mother Liev Dawson was great At Khalid, I'm listening To all her songs now Me trying not to Cry tears of joy because this Makeup cost a lot I really believe If everything was wet, then You're not really wet This little kid tried Having a staring contest With me guess who won? Aly get your shit Together and stop being A baby challenge I'm going to change The world with or without you As a witness, Charles Other cats you're a Disgrace the humans and mice Are laughing at you? He's ruining the Crispy bit on the top and It's stressing me out I'm really about Bust an all nighter, but yea Let's get this degree It was my birthday This past Tuesday, can I get? A late birthday wish Dragon Ball Fighter Z on, pre order it's goin' Dine in t minus I'm ready to go Back to Texas, and I just Got to Arkansas I love campaigning It helps with depression, I Agpoint good on you No show or movie Has ever made me cry as? Much as that one does I made cookies and They're actually good what Is this sorcery? I am gonna take A break for the upcoming Week, have a good day Bro car insurance Is the biggest scam on the? Face of the planet If I bring over Pizza rolls soon, will you and? Mike, make them for me Were you not supposed? To be searched when you enter Or leave a country Focus on the get Back everything I loss, yeah It's time to get back I just wanna give Somebody, my time is that Too much to ask for You get these results When talking to someone who? Is simple minded? I love Halloween The one day everyone wears A mask, not just me I've never seen such A retard like you, the US Falles apart slowly God, I love Marty He's not even on the screen Yet, but I love him I keep letting you Back in, how can I explain? Myself care for me Has the president? Made an announcement on the New minimum wage Shit, I'll be sober Forever, if it means not Going back to jail? Happy birthday to My lovely wife today, hope You have a great day Wow, tomorrow is Already Friday, what do? I do with my life Love ain't never gave Me shit, but unstoppable Tears, a broken heart Someone, how are you? Me pretending that I'm not A dumbass, I'm well Get better with A Tubular drink with this free With a epic drink I honestly don't Know where to go anymore? Or know what to do? Cockroach season is Coming to an end soon, please Return to Sender They are here, Mama Those who love audio books Give me a sign, lol My coworkers think They'all funny talkin bout Did you get a tag? Frank's music really Changes depending on if You're happy or sad Sony coming out With a new camera take My money and soul lol, I be swearing Up down, never again then It happens again I'm so frustrated I can't even draw a straight Line with a ruler I always forget How amazing sleeping in? My bed alone is This is a winner Speaking, give them a reason To vote for something Just give a crying [Laughing Face] To your haters And call it a day I'm on Twitter now If they can brighten your day Follow my haikus Dang Athena has Tripped her weapon a few times In this episode Happy birthday, my Guy, try to enjoy your day At work, bro bro, lol This is the problem With loosing weight I eat too Many times a day Let's ruin the lives Of all parents, the people Who wrote baby shark? This is difficult But since I just became a Bey fan, she can go Rihanna, need to Come out with some new music She pissing me off I'm seeing you in Houston tonight and so far The gays love you, lol I beat Ashley at Pong twice today, so at lease I can win a game Somebody had to Go back in the carrier And she's not happy Ugh, I wanna tweet About this so bad, but I'll Get in trouble, lol I just wanna be Cuddled up, especially in This cold weather, bro If you think being Rust is cute or quirky then You're an idiot Harry Potter, the Time of time, I was able To get my hair done Trying to find A Way to tell my mother she Can't cook anymore Is it really the? Nolan, I think it is my Mom just texted me We wanted to be Adults so bad now, look at Us just fucking look If I never stop Loved you, will you never? Start wanting me to I'm just going to Cut everyone off just to Have a peace of mind Noah, offense, but The last season of New Girl Could've been better Morning I still don't Have wifi and I'm ready To murder someone Can someone explain? To me why financial aid? Is so confusing? I'm really about To cry, all I wanted was Salisbury steak rice What you know about? Getting a check and splitting It wit yo brothers Maybe you need to Read that again, I don't think They were being nice This weather makes me Feel like I'm glowing inside And out I love it I mean, y'all really Going out of your way to Avoid me, alright? Looks like our team Will be needing a new org For Seattle, yay? I have Bronchitis And I feel like I'm slowly Dying from each cough I'm going to be So hurt in the morning when? I gotta wake up The only Twitter Account you need to follow At a time like this Don't have to worry About the hand who feeds you? If you feed yourself I have not eaten Anything all day I don't Feel dying today At least mention me I am the most important Member of the team We wanted them to Win for obvious reasons They do suck, oh well Oh, my God, hello I'm from Chile, I like your Way of life, a hug Jess really needs to Stop sending me pictures of Her dissecting things Wow, Claire Underwood Really, is that bitch I'm so? Sad Hom is over Feel sorry for the People with no morals or Respect, it's a shame I would, however Suck this dude's dick any time He wanted me to I can't keep hoping For the best to be getting Hurry every time Just left Oxford for What should be a fab evening? Launch and reception I love laying with My dog, he's like a heater He keeps me so warm Will never forget The time someone asked me if A spoke Mexican Fuck the snap update It keeps making me send snaps To the wrong people I know you aren't Supposed to drink it, super Hot, but I love it That kinda sounded Like I'm being pro soros Which I'm clearly not I've always wanted To go to the hippodrome As well, I'm buzzing Milano, you're wrong When the taxes are filed, come Back and admit it I love shopping, how? Can I'll never wake up in? A good mood again Thanks for coming to Rock out in Dayton last night You guys are awesome Katy Perry next Era should be a mix of Teenage dream prism Pretty sure he's not Gonna stop talking to you Over this and sure Of course it's only Too political when you Have to defend it Where I'm going at? This point I'm just ordering Stuff for no reason Foot, fetish, pick up Line, I can hear the moisture In between your toes I like the handheld Weapons approach purely as A spectator, though Never thought I'd say This, but I really wanna Try vegan donuts I always have to Pee right after I paint my Nails, it never fails You never cease to Surprise me, you know your shit You are a genius Cubs, we'll take Jose Quintana back if you don't Want him anymore? I'll try to record Again today, but I've yet To decide a game If any man tries To talk to me today, I'm Screaming in his face Okay, but can we? Get the denim outfits on A music show tho What the fuck tucker? This is outrageous, burn that Before it lays eggs I would conclude that Trump is pussy whipped by Ann Coulter and Putin And we hated Dale And by the way, Reggie White Thought you were a C It may sound shitty But sometimes you gotta learn How to trust again? I'm about sick of Cincinnati and all the People I know here Going to try to? Find a sound bar tomorrow And some good movies I really aspire To go zero waste, can it? Be done here in my I jus wanna love The fuck out of somebody And not look stupid If only I still Hated chocolate like I did When I was a kid Stop going around And harassing people for Fame shit's not funny Taking Bella to The movies when I get off I miss my pooh, pooh I wish Raleigh was Atlanta, so someone could Slay my wig for me I have done nothing Today and plan on doing Nothing later, lol I feel ur darkness Baby girl, ur sad I love You ur all I need Cowards never start The weak never finish and Winners never quit The boy's reactions When the result was out, I Can't I'm not okay? I really can't wait To hear Louis album he's Going to smash it? Also is worship About genre or content Help me understand I married for love And that is the only way I will stay married Been single for years Now, lol, mainly because I Don't trust anyone I sleep well tonight Coz, I saw Harry's photo His so cute, so damn I'm really over Alot of shit too grown to Be looking stupid But I just wanna Thank God for not letting me Go to jail tonight I spend more money Online shopping than I do Buying from the store? I'm gonna learn to Play banjo, so I can make All y'all panties wet I'm ready for this Weekend I need this weekend It's only Tuesday Zola is the best If you are not following You are missing out Well yet again, I Can't make it to Florida I hate this shit, Yo Tomlinson, what should? I do to convince you that I'm worth following My constant worry On weekends is whether I'll Be starving or not They forget the good Shit, u did, but they always Remember the bad? When is my parents? Gonna buy me a new phone I'm sick of this one Seems he only wants Yes, men, women, rather than Dissenters like us God has already Worked everything out, so what? Am I stressing for? I love seventeen So much they are the softest Humans, I'm crying Winner by fucking Default ladies, it's over We have a winner Now ur talking a Civil discussion might start To turn him around Oh, come on, Nigel You can be a little more Effluent than that I have nothing to Say and I am saying it And that is Twitter Can someone tell me? What season it is, winter? Spring, summer or fall Someone take my cards Away from me, I have no Control as of late So how many friends? You got there, am I counted? In one of them Nobody treats you Better than somebody you Don't want to be with letting people know How much we appreciate? Then is important Muting the word gun I've had enough hot takes for One day guns are bad I'm really going To need everyone to leave Me the fuck alone I go on Twitter To annoy people I have No other reason I always look like I'm crying because I yawn And tear up so much I'll never tell ya Business no matter how rough Shit gets between us Someone told me if A person wants to walk out Ur life, let them go Lonely to be on The other side of this skin In the universe If you're registered To vote, there's no excuse, not To vote tomorrow Get you a boyfriend Who join, Barbie, run just to? Get the dolls for you Logical dropping some New heat in his album, Why? No one put me on People will turn shit Around so fast to make you Look like the bad guy R Miller, thanks for The follow, Graham, will we? See you this evening Stopping at Dunkin Before work, let me know if You want anything? Wow, really what was? Their relationship look like Was it good or bad? Me after watching Are you afraid of the dark? When I was a kid Of all the planets Pisces had to be ruled by Neptune, I hate blue I had forgotten How much I love angeles? By Elliot Smith Life without Jacob Whitesides is like a broken Penet, it's pointless My c section scar Used to make me depressed, but It looks so good now Glad I had enough Time to eat before I left Home, I hate fast food I'm from Florida I'm so upset by this sue The crap out of them Jesus wants me for A sunbeam and a bloody Fine, Sunbeam, I'll be We're waiting for you Next to the hotel, please come To us, it's freezing A happy new year To you, if seemingly not So for the old place Don't worry, we know About that, too, all a bunch Of fucked up, leeches I always seem to Forget just how much I miss This show, I'm Emo I can't believe I'm Saying this, but I can't wait For Uni to start One more episode Of Narcos, then Ian gone Have nothing to watch That's a horrible Situation I hope you're Feeling better soon My ratatouille jokes As always, are not landing In my writing class Me hating people Is rubbing off my sister? Should I be alarmed? Never leave someone You care about and love for Someone you just like This natural it's Killing me, I need some braids Or some weave or some I wanna get some More grass, but I really don't Feel like getting up I always feel A Little bad eating sushi In front of live fish You can't give advice To someone when their head is So far up their ass Are you guys running? A scam or trying to loot? People in plain sight T does not matter How slowly you go so long? As you do not stop Happy weekend, friends What's on everyone's to be? Read pile for today Growth is no longer Crying when belting all too Well, by Taylor Swift Someday we will look Back and know exactly why It had to happen For the record, yes I'm talking about losing Weight, for example Don't u wanna come Stay in South Africa, I Want to marry U? Wow, things are pretty Amazing right now on the Up and up blessings I honestly just Wanna get so fucked up where? I can't even speak Don't ever argue Wit me bout some dumb foolish Detected ass shit Bro Magnus Carlsen Such a goat, hope he's gonna Win this match today Can someone show me? How to make a successful? Salary cap team People will always Be around you when it's most Convenient for them It is Haiku day I am so good at Haikus But so bad at life Just trying to be A good steward of all my Talents guide me, Lord Gotta get my things On track once again enough Enjoying for now Standing on a nail Was not the way I wanted To start my morning Low battery plugs Phone to charger, but nepa Had a bigger plan Jesus, you guys are Obsessed with Hillary, she Lost, get over it Thank God for Nicki This whole year was dry until Her era started The worst thing ever Is being sick and losing? Your flavor of food? Hello, world, I'm here The light is dimming quickly All is a mere blur Can't please anyone Always in the wrong never Do anything right? Pretty shit so far Leans against a wall, pause do I smell burning rhett Frost, she really was Forcing him to do this, huh? I'm not saying that Football fans can be Some of the most disgusting People at times, man You gotta be lost If you think you could ever Replace my mama It's probably not The brightest of ideas To eat yellow snow Evansville is so Fucking, depressing, get me The fuck outta here For better or for Worse or until I wanna Be single again You could always stay At the Hollywood Tower Hote, wait a minute You can't escape your Problems, but you can always Solve them one by one Does the pain ever? Stop hurting or do you just? Learn to live with it The best benders are The ones that you're not even Aware that you're on Forgive me, Lord If I fell for it, forgive me Lord, if I fell short I had a girlfriend Once, but it was in seventh Grade and I got paid If this happens, then It will certainly be my Best ever birthday Life is love, nothing Has ever been stronger and? Nothing ever will I got the sunset In my pocket, and I'm not Afraid to use it Keep on reporting Friends, we need the media Now, more than ever Merry Christmas and Happy new year, Beth love you And your family This old lady told Me to smile because I look Like a angry bull This is special this Is our castle that used? To be in the air Man, I fucking love Myself am that bitch get the Fuck out of my way The worst thing about? This is how easy it is To believe Jesus Even now God is Working to fulfill the plans He has for your life We owe everything To God because everything We have came from God Beauty gurus suck But like their videos are A guilty pleasure What do people get? Out of spoiling series on This stupid platform Jay, it's illegal To be bored on Christmas Eve You're under arrest Maybe I'm asking For a drop, and Allah wrote For me, the ocean Just followed me my Heart literally just stopped K, have a good day Hi, Christian, I have Some music to send you where Should I send it to? Are you gonna work? For your happiness or work For big Daddy Carl Drinking black coffee? Again and doing nothing About my thesis Stream is gonna start A bit later tonight, time To get pre raid bis I just wanna know What everyone's problem is With us wine drinkers Before that, you could Only count as high as your Toes, we took pity You gotta accept All consequences that come With your decisions After watching these Videos of these hoes in Miami, it's clipped You ever hear A? Song with a beat, so fire You want to throw up? Thank God it's Friday I'm about to fall asleep At my desk, beth X I was kept captive In a really dark room like A really dark one Black air forces do Always make a person look Super dirty, lol Unless your name is Dick, then and only then can You be a dick, lol Just gonna exit Facebook until the dexter Accent memes are gone God is the greatest But Satan been on his shit? I felt that bar jeeze What is illegal? Mean means illegal, correct? Put all in jail first Sometimes I mansplain Things to my mom, siri, how? Do I not do that? Finally caught up On some rest, it only took A year and a half City winning and Drinkwater scores a stunner Good start to the day Dubious buy the car But do not blame anyone For fuel and spares You're always so kind To people and I admire You so much for that I really woke up To me grabbing my own ass Wow, I needs a man Justin and Haley Are really so in love, I'm So happy for them I am sitting in A room different from the One you are in now If you stop fighting For someone you love, then do Ya really love them After a cheat meal You have an obligation To go to the gym Need to donate some? Of that donation's money To the house cleaner Baba, we don't want To go again, just stop the Car, let us come down All the ladies want A good man, but ask yourself Are you good, lady? I'm so sleepy, right? Now, but I have so many Things to do today Really just trying To get myself together For a better life I don't wanna go Back to Birmingham later But my folks need me I got the weakest Mouth, I was gone, go in Early but fuck that So you are lying? Like partisan hacks, lie fuck You judicial watch? So it's finally Happening the Bursley Heat? Is making me sick? People just want yes Men, they get so combative When you don't agree Depends on who gets To the Super Bowl, perhaps None of those listed Everytime I walk Across the street, I think of The Beatles album Someone give me a Handful of sleeping pills, so I can fucking sleep Can't get over how Beautiful and perfect, my Day was yesterday Respect, this is how It is given and this is How it is received? Don't worry too much Whatever is meant to be It will be good night They say Hillary Clinton is going to run She can't even walk Took selfies on the Snap today for the first time In eons felt good Fold under pressure I will never ever your Secrets, I treasure Look like somebody Tried to slash my tire and I'm ready to fight I'm just trying to Eat chili out of your shoe Stop making it weird Another year, where? My ass keeps forgetting where Her classes are lol My favorite thing About Wayne County is how? It crushes my soul It's always the hard Way, but I always want to Find out for myself A solid man can Be found alone, a weak man Can be in a crowd Good morning, Debra You and your family have A Merry Christmas Being stuck in the House all day is fucking shit This snow needs to go Being sober and Babysitting my drunk friends Make me want to die Mann, hey unicorn Man, I have four subscribers Can u you help me? Guys, I'm gonna cry While watching them perform, I Already know it Are you going to? Be doing a podcast show In Bakersfield, too I'd follow David Price anywhere and tonight He's bringing it home Bout time, the nuggets Get those bullshit warrior LeBron bail out calls I think I'm signing Up for malay lit class not Intro to writing Sometimes I wonder What I did to deserve the People in my life Honestly, for sale By Kendrick Lamar is such An amazing song Why do people take? Pictures of themselves crying That's so weird to me I'm ready for love And I'm ready for war, but I'm ready for more lol, you have nothing Better to do than to come For me, Justin Jones Still thinking about? A business helping people Get loan free degrees Coming home to her And my child is like winning Lotterie, I swear It's okay to fail As long as you are better Than the last attempt I'm not trying to Be the reason you going Hate me in the end Wonder what it's like To have children that just go To bed and stay there If your parents are Still alive and still married You are very rare Feels so fucking good To have someone that I can Share my writing with Got up this morning And the work phone already Jumping I'm upset Roses are red and Violets are blue sugar Is sweet a haiku? I'm very much proud To say that I survived, thank You Lord, all for you I don't believe in Giving up maybe it's just The way I was raised Good morning, happy Halloween I'm ready for Thanksgiving now, lol No one is perfect Everyone makes mistakes and Repeats the mistake Translation there was No widespread voter fraud and You are a jackass You gotta crave it And chase it until your close Enough to taste it I'm getting jealous Of people eating things that I don't even like When you the power? To shape the future, use it And use it for good I distance myself From everyone I'm sorry That's just how I am Our leaders failed Us miserably, it's time For them to fix it Keep looking in the Front view mirror, you're gonna Miss the road ahead I wanna meet Shawn And take one of those super Cute selfies with him I'm sending you love A little package of peace And love there, you go This time Saturday I'm gonna be fat and sick From over eating Thanks for the baby Shower, it was very nice Thanks to everyone Morning thom and when? Do you finish for Christmas? And have a good day When you continue On your path, you see clearly What needs to be done? I still can't believe The twins opened Katie's box On camera, please The others are fine Though, and is she the older? Or younger sister? That loyalty shit Is scarce nowadays time beats? Everything, I guess Work is happening Very slowly here in the Library, it sucks So stay strong, little Buddy, when I make it big I'll keep you in mind That's exactly it Almost as if his head can't Understand it all I want to study So bad, but pressing phone is Just way easier Mind and body feel Lovely now that I've started Working out again Ohh, Steve Stevie Stevie, at least you can say You were one man down April, Kepner is Gonna die, I can't believe I'm typing this shit Let today be your Last day of telling yourself You'll start tomorrow Everyone wants you To be happy until you're Happier than them Makes a new account To avoid people instead Of being upfront Do you ever just? Want someone to step on you? Because damn me too I work on Mardi Gras and I'm trying to work For Valentine's too I left my apple Watch at home today and man Do I feel naked? I wondered why the Frisbee was getting bigger And then it hit me I forgot to get New windshield wipers, welp I? Guess today's the day Jesus received what? I deserved and I received What Jesus deserved? I'm feeling like this Holiday, it's for the guys Got some cash money I was hoping you We're giving away meet greet Tickets for Jay Z Who jokes about shit? Like this, all kids deserve a Mother and father We were already Working on this then here you Come with the slander Next week I'm taking Myself out, I don't want to Hang with nobody I feel attacked, but At the same time, this tattoo Meand a lot to me I'm a good woman And my stomach is flat so What are u saying? Wasted we have to Wait till January would Love him, need him now You ever feel like? No matter what you do, you're Just not good enough Meeting a virgin Is a blessing, I salute You hold on to it I inspire others To go after their passions To me that's success I don't even know How the memory got full? I don't use nothing My point, exactly Tubby only penguins were Made for this weather And baby bang bang Kiss, kiss you and I gotta Put an end to this My eyes are burning Why'd my body decide it? Was time to wake up? I reckon with that Kind of money he'll throw in The Clintons as well Lucy and Georgie Are the cutest couple in? The entire world I hate everyone At my job it's looking like A quick alt delete Take away this man's Power to divide the blue Wave, ignore his ass That's it, nobody New is meeting my mama Sorry, not sorry I am convinced that The hardest language to speak For some is the truth Major Sweetheart and My baby till I have to Block him on Friday I always hate you In the morning and I love You before he comes Be careful and think Twice before you do something That you might regret I feel like people Do the most stupid shit, right? Before my cycle Really need a room Make over very soon new Good vibes coming in This is tomorrow Please come along and support This super event What do people get? Out of spoiling movies, I Just don't understand I have been learning So much about myself these Last couple of days Twitter is kind of Heated tonight and it's not Even a full moon Do you work outside? California, could you spread? Your wings to Kenya People so stupid For people that's not goner Do nothing for them I just wanna go Back to this exact moment Of sheer happiness It's far to easy To convince me to go out Need some will power Eddie, I think it Is I have enough trouble? Wrapping a square box I'm so happy that My grandma and grandpa came Today I missed them Did Maureen have a? Joint before the interview To settle his nerves Time for another Trial to begin, but this One is different Majid Jordan are So underrated they don't Get enough credit I'm really trying To be a nice person, but I just can't do it Sorry, but I'm not Gonna blow up balloons for Your pity party Instead of music Being on blast, my heat is On blast this morning Hood, Rat Gorilla In the Bronx zoo trying to Get free behavior The real holiday Is tomorrow when all the? Chocolate is on sale I wish someone would Just randomly gift me with Some tacos today Baby, can't you see? I'm calling a guy like you Should wear a warning Twitter is going Nuts for Nancy drew right now And I am living If someone wants to Bring me food, I'd probably Love you forever Does shrinking myself To appease other people Get over the shit Listen to your heart Marry your second husband The first time around Do you ever just? Put the pedal to the floor And just say fuck it Grant, better get up His lil ass not about to Have me up all night Fuck, whoever came Up with mountain climbers and Burpees suck a dick Not the reaction I was expecting but er Good enough, I guess Whoever cursed me? To never enjoy my food I'm coming for you Just seen a crackhead [chuck] A carrot at people Having a coffee? Learning to forgive And let go is the hardest Thing I've ever done Allergations got me Feeling like I deep throated A field of flowers Saying don't worry 'Cause every little thing Gonna be al right Why is today such? A shitty fucking day, I Hate everyone, man Tell us about the First Amendment, I know your Stand on the second This simple game can Turn distinctly nasty, don't Ever play alone? Giving Chuck Todd A Run for the money as King Of both sides, Brian You ask me, baby Yours or mine, why even ask? You know, I'm tired Being tired, but Not being able to fall Sleeping is the worst Always believe A [Woman] When she says you don't Really wanna know Listen, slut, I will Not be bad mouthed, whether by You or Patrick Stuck? Champions don't just Do hard, they do hard better Than anyone else I'm willing to lose The sun in exchange of A Rainy day with you I don't even feel A little bit bad like you Did this to yourself? I'm not joking when I say I'm crying my whole Family loves you Prayerd you to have A patient tongue sis because I would've lost it While I was running Something went into my eye And it won't come out Bitches have money For abortions, but never Money to pay bills I don't trust Chelsea To replace him with a world Class player'so rip Honestly, it sucks B cause you the reason, guys Don't ever trust me To all the people Who have ever doubted me? I fucking made it I love the soundtrack From Tarzan even bought it But someone stole it Tomorrow's world wide Bread day, and I expect you To be on a roll I really want a New tattoo, but I don't have New tattoo money Happy Mother's Day Especially to my mom and All mothers out there My name is Ricky Bobby and if you don't chew Big red, then fuck you I'm training myself To reject love, so I won't Stop myself next time The Lord's salvation Is the most beautiful gift? To mankind, God bless! Scars don't go away Their permanent so you don't Forget who you are It's now been proven That trump has committed a felony, what now? But you won't, Jimmy Just stay home and lust after Women in your heart Any girl would be Lucky to have you, I'm glad That I got you first Noah, fence, but if I outlive Tyler and Josh I'm going to die Word of warning peeps Please be aware of black ice On the roads, be safe My reference when People ask me if I want Kids, I need my sleep I'm elbow and knee Deep into this is us, you Guys, I'm invested Devil's day arrived Acid rain pours from the sky I fucking love memes I hate staying up Late cause I end up thinking Of so many things Half the people in The godfather, look like old Pictures of my dad I'll say that after I ask because this has been A long time coming Allen Walker and Sprite, are what keep me going? Nothing else matters boo got a haircut Today he feeling himself A little too much I love wearing the Color yellow, I look like A lil sunflower My icon looks neat From far away and ultra Goofy neat up close Snapchat is lucky I have high streaks otherwise I'd delete the app Important to me I'm not important to her So I'll take my leave When you love someone Who cares if you look stupid? Your happy who gaf? Sometimes I love u Sometimes I hate u thank u For being with me Music is love, love Is music music is life? And I love my life I really want to Adopt a bunch of kids or Be a foster mom This Celtics bench is The reason why we lose A Lot of our games I will surely won't Remember this day, but I Will not forget you Just getting over Being sick, no, not flu had A bad stomach bug Whether I'm nice or Mean nothing will ever be Enough, so why try? I mean, somebody Must enjoy this, or is it? Just pure pretension Comment here if you'd Like to help with managing Content for this page We will be lucky Not to be thrashed today with That starting lineup You're not serious In your life, what happened to? Your older account Tomorrow night will Go on without you till dawn And no one will care Coptic culture is Having parking lot syndrome? Everywhere you go What is this snapchat? Update: What happened I don't? Think mine updated You broke a couple Records while on hiatus How does it feel, sis? Online dating is A total scam, how did it? Not get shut down yet He is protected With money cover, that's why Police can't see him Man, I don't even Drink, but after today I Need a whole bottle I hate Facebook now I don't even have to go There to despise it Update: I started Cleaning my room and now I Don't want to finish I just fucking love Tony Stark, alright, I'd give My life for that man This is the second Day that I exercised I'm So proud of myself I've said it before And I'll say it again, I'm A sucker for blondes Either my butt and Hips are getting bigger or My panties shrinking I hate being told I have a surprise waiting Just surprise me, man Oh, that rugged cross My salvation where your love Dough out over me I'm so embarrassed That I don't remember A Single thing today I want that, Whitney And Bobby type of love, but Without the drugs, lol Will forever be Ideous of who my ex is Going to date next? Does your mother know? You ask permission from your [ boyfriend] To go out I don't wanna cry Alone right now, kissing on Styrofoam right now I will never feel Like a true adult until I have my license People can't teach you Shit, you have to figure it All out on ur own Ever buy a pair? Of shoes you truly did not Need ever bought two? My teeth are rotting From all the disgusting food I've eaten I'm so I can't decide if I'm happy that you're gone or If I need you back If Auntie Mei saw What he's saying he would be? In so much trouble Why has my brother? Been telling everyone my Birthday was today This was really one Of my best looks ever, huh? I miss my short hair I'm taking Vick back To the shop today, nate next Week if all goes well Fuck sake, I'm proper Tried to go back, Brown, but I know I'll hate it I can never sleep Till the morning, not even On my quiet nights Ugh, I just really Wanna meet Taylor and Hug? Her, that's all I want Sometimes you have to Risk everything for a dream Only you can see I always feel so Damn depressed after I have To drop off my son It's funny how you Can stop talking to someone You talk everyday I push everyone Away and then wonder why? I feel so alone Joe, u is always The fucking vibe, I gotta Meet this man one day Had a solid ten Hours of sleep last night and I'm still exhausted My cousin is in Paris and I'm trying to Get her to see him I woke up sneezing My face away I'm scared to Even go outside I love my brother I'd take a bullet for him But man, fuck that guy Post Malone, I fall Apart is heartbreaking, but It's such a good song I swear the hottest Guys always settle down with The ugliest girls These bags of candy Are expensive bout to skip? Halloween this year If you really care About a bar you don't write About it online? Also, I kissed A Girl during my theatre Final, that was neat You're forgiven, ex Because you deserve to be Free and be happy Happy birthday to My beloved chloe, moretz Love you so much, babe Never had a test That made me feel so stupid Before in my life I'm good at making Money, but I'm still learning How to save better? The social network Will always be one of the Best movies ever Let your energy Cover you like a bubble That no one can pop I had a nightmare And now I'm putting tape on My front camera Why invest in A? Church, when you can invest in A whole continent Guys, I understand What he's saying, but I can't Exactly, phrase it If the people are Sleeping during the sermon Wake the preacher up I don't wanna go To school tomorrow and talk To people at all 'Cause anyone who? Ever met, a man believes They are logical I really don't know How girls can bully other? Girls, it's disgusting I have a sudden Degusting for Coke, gotta get That sweet sugar rush New years eve lookin' Like a royal flush, wait we All in the same suit We better see you Dressed up in your favorite Meme Vine tomorrow I'm having trouble Trying to add some of you Working on it, though Rather be alone Then being clueless on where? I stand with someone I said this before And I'll say it again, I Miss the word alive I never liked school And now I'm spending hundreds Of dollars for it I love her technique And how she caresses it? And takes care of it I'm too frustrated To have fun today, so I Need a day off, lol At certain times, I Wish I never gave my heart To certain people Why do leaves always? Fall in the same season, which? I don't want to rake Why is everything? In my life going to shit All at the same time We have freezing rain At the moment, weird never Heard of it before Why is tomorrow? Already Monday, there has To be a mistake You call yourself A Seller, but how you not gone? Have a full supply Homework will be the Death of me, I can't even Enjoy my weekends I will be paying For my actions this weekend Tonight at the gym Good morning, Laura Missed you yesterday, hope you Had a great weekend You gonna call me? Tonight, simple sentence that Made my heart happy I'm starving too long Day ahead, I'll be here a Lot, so be ready Wow, so lemons are Bad for you and you're really Supposed to eat limes? My card got declined For the first time today, so That was pretty cool The deadline to file Your taxes is tomorrow I filed them today Honestly, this is Me singing the national Anthem, I feel it Dear money, did we? Ever fight if we did, please? Forgive me my love Told myself I'd start Being more positive, boy Is God testing me? I'm so fucking done I liked Israel, but not Wanted it to win Someone needs to help Get this nasty old bitch out Of office and quick Gee, what a shocker? It's a shame nobody warned Us this would happen Note to self never Touch anything or shake hands In the Netherlands I have a constant Need to meet new people and Go on adventures I just kept saying Thank you for everything and I love you so much Need someone stronger And with bigger hands to do The pushing, it seems Bitch your layout, oh? My god ur so gorgeous, I Can't believe ur real Waking up from A Crazy ass dream feels like a Second chance at life Just an accident We don't plan our outfits Believe it or not Whenever I have Good news, you still the only One I want to call Before I have to Enjoy the concert I have To go through exams lol, just answer the Question, I'm not about to Show you the picture Don't do it unless The bitch is sitting on your Chest then go ahead OK, but for real When is mySpace gonna start? Blowing up again I hear Quinn's baby Brother, I started talking In a baby voice People are mostly Water and we drink water Are we cannibals? I love you enough To ask you again, would you? Kill, kill, kill for me Have you had any? Fresh air today, can you step? Outside for a while That moment when some One sends you a mystery Package from China Can't even believe It's December this weekend Where did the year go? I always grab Franks Butt when we're out in public And he gets so mad For some reason, the Fact that Dan is older than Scott is weird to me I just know people Are gonna be telling me? Happy Mother's Day Happy birthday, hope You have a good one, congrats On the new job, too Your insurance might Consider you too young for A mammogram, cool Kissing her is like Drinking water after years Of being thirsty Nothing says honor Sacrify like this, maybe A bone spur flare up I have never gone From happy to wanting to Kill myself so fast Jared is not bright He, of course, believes he is Just like dad in law Wait, why Friday why? Not Monday or Sunday is It a pun or what? This fucking weather Has got my summer senses [tingling] Big time Homecoming if you See me with a woman mind Ya business, dig it Sorry, I bought too Many useless things, kinda Like in my real life Even if you walk Up to the door before them You just wait on it A man backed into My car today, so that's how My day is going Let's make today a Good day, maybe some starbucks Target will do that These are disgusting Images that pass through my Head and make me sad I just came across Such a classic movie, The Gods must be crazy My baby looked out For me today, no feeling Like being cared for My album was less Lucid than I'd liked it to Be there, I said it You guys got any? Dope wallpapers I can use To hype myself up Nothing like a bit Of red hot chili peppers On a Sunday night I was only just Thinking the same thing, Alas I am in Douglas Last spotted nutting On the chest of a hooker In downtown Boston I wanna make her Happy again and for us To go out this week Much needed gym time Tonight reminded me that I need more gym time Why do people go? To drive thru to order the Whole fucking menu I need to focus On self care for a moment I'm so exhausted Do you ever just? Wanna meet the opposite? Sex version of you Never thought I was Better than anyone else We all bleed the same My dumbass, let me Feelings and emotions get The better of me That orange dragon Is so pissed at Ditty for? Flying without wings Did I mention that? My girlfriend is funny as Fuck because she is Do not force others To love you just love others And you will be loved My therapist has Been subtly warning me About this, I think Bt sport are real One's for showing the finals For free on YouTube There will never be Anything cooler than space And rocket launches Happy nurses week To all my fellow nurses And nursing students Focused on my team And nobody else won't waste My time anymore I like everything My way or the highway and I blame my parents Happy Mother's Day Weekend to me n all the Other great mommies Mirly aggy as Some old fucker is sat in My seat on the bus Please fucking end me I can't take any more of This horrendous year Does anyone else? Ever just cry because you? Love your mum so much It's gonna be hard It's gonna be tough if you Fall down, just get up Only real females See your potential in you When you don't see it I slept near enough The whole day yesterday, how? Am I still tired? How do I become? More shook everytime I see U, this is not fair There's honestly one Person that I can say who Never left my side Whoa, you better say? Something before I purchase What's in my cart, lol? Oh crap freezing rain Overnight, be safe out there Ladies and fellas Okay, no lagging When Ikon singing wow I? Love my connection Fuck it, somebody Meet me for a couple drinks On me this evening Out of all places To see the Google Maps car? I saw it in brush So who wanna date? And go watch all the spooky Movies coming out If you not doing Shit with yourself, you gotta Get from around me This planet is in A state of disrepute, I Rebuke all of you Look within me and Try to love me despite all The darkness you find I'm about to snap Again and again, I'm too Broken to function Sorry to hear that Your lad is poorly hope you Enjoy your dinner I don't understand The new Snapchat update, I'm All sorts of confused I've had to accept That I will not likely not Pass all my classes He probably does But him sucking makes me like Him even better Tomlinson, I love You so fucking much you are A fucking angel Seem the Arabs with The black panther bootlegs, I Wanted to flip shit I should really be Sleeping, but the juices are Fucking, I can't stop Smile at a stranger It may be the only smile They receive today My brother pushes Me when I'm standing trying To put on my shoes After this weekend I'm taking a break because My liver needs it Famous pole vaulting Figures are opening up About being men So who's been calling? Trump, a baby that it seems Secondly, in his mind Well, the Lakers lost But I had a great second Half of my day so I have a constant Battle with getting out my Bed in the morning You were creative Enough to dream it now, let Elegant build it Ever felt guilty? Falling asleep while praying Happens all the time Why are you sorry? He looked at her wrapping an Arm around her waist When are you going? To become leaping, Bunny Certified, let's chat My name is Michael Taylor, point to your head and Say my initials You gonna miss me? By my hair, you gonna miss Me everywhere, oh? So I'm planning on Writing a book and I don't Know what to begin? If I can protect Your life I'm sorry I don't Have enough power Factors are racist and Do care about your feelings Everyone knows that Oh, my goodness, I Sworn this year is gonna be A great fucking year What number do I? Call if I'm having problems With a voucher code Cutting down the food And money spending has been The best yet so far I want a weighted Blank, so bad, I'm gonna Make one when we move I just went shopping While Tipsy gotta admit It was kinda fun Have peace, quiet all Day now, everyone is home Getting on my nerves If someone's okay With losing you, they never Really cared for you If you're seeing this You ugly bro and I miss Your mom's tortillas Telling y'all someone Might wanna cuff me before The summer begins Ya having fun there Cog, he tries to gently wipe [Castnip] Off its face Being home is cool And all but I'm ready to Go back to school, lol The older I get The less instruments I send Through the melody I don't really get How the gathering hub works? In Monster Hunter But Russia does not Have bullet train, but China Build it on their own By golly, Jim, I'm Beginning to think I can Cure a rainy day Welcome, if you want I can invite you to my Free company too Why do you people? Still obsess about her, she's Not running again I can never have Enough candles, fuzzy socks I love buying them She said, Invader my Cave with your special unit This song is crazy April, my last month Here, in Denton after that Y'all ain't seeing me Well stated, thank you For putting into words, what? We all are thinking Country music is Just soulful music very Sweet to listen to The snow is alright The win on the other hand Is an annoyance? Y'all b'so bothered By somebody you dislike So much I'm confused Someday, u will look Back and know exactly why It had to happen If we never speak Again, I'm just glad I G T't tell the truth I swear Ramesh knows Me better sometimes more than I know myself, lol Vance Joy can either Make me completely happy Or completely sad Applications for the Site I'll be getting back to You today, sorry I'm getting bigger So I'm just not appealing Men are really trash Getting real fucking? Tired of having to put On pants everyday Ready to receive All these blessings so I can Give God more glory All I'm gonna say Is that lady gaga should? Run for president My biggest regret Is that this entire school? Year has been a joke A person is just About as big as the things That make them angry This is gonna be Embarrassing for all things Interested, but let's go I'm so hungry, but Everything I try to eat Attracts my stomach Today is one of Those days where I just wanna Stay in bed all day The crazy thing is My parking spot is right in Front of my damn door My father asking Me who my girlfriend is is The funniest thing Slow motion might be The most deceptive way to View these videos People don't deserve Dogs, if they let them wonder 'Always on the street Jack Malone, my guy Happy birthday, see you this Summer big fella Cocaine or morphine? Either would do the longing For it is loathsome Lowering a truck? Is just the dumbest looking? Shit I've ever seen New episodes of Jane, the virgin, I'm so glad I took the day off I think it's funny When I hear people talking Shit about me like This lady told me To go on, break again, so She could fuck me, wow Some people want all The glory, but don't want to Put in the hard work You've given us a New chapter in our lives We'll never forget Can any of y'all? genuinely say they have A great employer I really am blessed And thankful for the people In my life right now Can we sit around? A table and talk, please, I Just wanna discuss Hate being sick, bro This is probably the worst Feeling in the world You Paul and Joey? We're gold on college football Live today, Laura Work is so boring Send me pictures of dogs to Help me pass the time There is nothing good In me except Jesus Christ I'm OK with that All the pretty girls I meet from Twitter always Live so far from me Getting to go to? Another concert for free Next month, thankfully Miley is coming With a bomb ass ballad and I'm so here for it I have a secret Addiction that I'm ready To come clean about I am getting bored Of watching him now to be Honestly, I need change A fabulous sight And seen very frequently In Belfast as well Yea pretty much I'm Streaming over at Twist Now Come join us sometime I hate when people Blame alcohol when they hook Up with somebody People at the top Root for you people at the Bottom, hope you fail I forgot to buy Myself a cupcake, you dumb Mother, fucker, dad I'm hurt, I suppose I'll simply die alone, don't Be a drama queen He wanted to be A tissue paper, let him Have fun in the flush May of let myself Get a little distracted But I'm back on track I honestly think Slow internet is a breach Of my human rights I keep seeing love Simon ads, and they always Remind me of Lex The Bible says love Never dies, so if it does It was never there I'll deliver soon Enough, but I'm going to Take my time with it I am beyond stressed Out my whole car ordeal is Driving me insane I cannot wait to Watch love, Simon, so happy It's finally here Anyways, life is Too beautiful to be stressed By toxic people This wins the award For the biggest memory Card outside Japan The other half will Be me calling from my flip Phone for directions Some people know how To ride bikes, others how to Make a great image How you gonna have? A dick between your legs, but Act like a pussy Yeah, most people were Here yesterday and Friday Strangest thing ever My little sister And brothers are really my Kids, I'm a mother Looks like a counter Attack kinda game mo needs To step the fuck up She would never cheat You will never see her with A different guy Need suggestions of? Cool restaurants and coffee Shops in Seattle I can't stop laughing At that video, dude still Don't like me neither How are you feeling? What date are you expecting? Your little princess No matter who you Are we all got options, choose? Up and choose wisely It ain't about how You start the year it's about How you finish it? Ellen might have to Just apply at Sheffield U Know to see the town Joel, the artist Who watches TV all day? Has a French bulldog? I almost forgot How sore tattoos always are? After you get them I tell myself I'm The only one but C'mon I should know better Man, I wanted to Clean my car today, but it's Too hot for all that I'm moving to New Zealand or Japan f this? I'm tired of y'all Kinda depressed, but It's okay, I'm not gonna Let it defeat me I hate myself why Am I playing sad music? To make me more sad Will was wearing A Colled shirt with a blazer I'm back in his lane I hate getting in My feelings, something I must Learn how to control The concept of A Long weekend is a scam, you Blink and it's Monday I'm still questioning Why the boys really like to? Slap each other butt Timmy, get ur shit Together, ur starting to Look like my cousin She tended to be Strong and independent, but Inside, she's fragile Don't order any Food because I'm giving you A knuckle sandwich I'm going to be Quite disappointing, live in Concert, I suspect There's over a foot Of snow sitting outside her [ window forlorn sigh ] Why people say that? I change to someone, Kinder That I used to be I hope you enjoy Your laser eyes I'm holding Out for meat vision Pictic if it's Not about you, you act like A spoiled baby brat Subway cookies don't Get enough credit ten times Better than M S The deep, deep deeper We go feeling alone, but It's, oh, so simple Everytime you look In the mirror, what's it like? Seeing a dickhead? This reminds me of That time that I forgot what? I was gonna say We are going to Stay together and we are Going to survive? It's always going To suck to be Irish No Way around that, lol No one ever knows How I really feel and it's Gonna stay that way My mom is going Long and Paris next weekend Without me, thanks Mom Dade into mirror She turns off the computer I was zero, cool I don't understand How I allowed myself to? Fall in such a trap He was at Bourbon Street and I really wanted Some chicken fingers Why is everyone? Having a comeback I'm ill Don't do this to me I'm going to be Honestly, it's not a good look Out there for cronies I'm just trying to Get on a saving plan, I Will have no worries The invention of A hydration station was The best move ever I pictured my first Time being with my niece A Lot better than this These bitches really Want me to come on Monday? And look like a fool Hey, remember when? You made that girl cry during The Q'A tonight What are some really? Funny movies that lift your Spirits let me know This is important Take a look regardless of What side you are on? Tyler surprised me With McDonald's this morning And t made my day Hearing your voice is Enough to make me smile for The rest of the day I really just want A subway sammy right now With extra veggies I've been happy all Day and now I'm suffering With a migraine, why? Getting an oil change? From Walmart always takes way Longer than it should When Romeo sings? I really be feeling those Lyrics in my soul Congrats on the great Season I'll say hi to Joe Next time I see him Top linemen left are Now, James Daniels Hernandez And Connor Williams I remember when I used to have hobbies, what? A great time that was I prefer to stay Lonely instead of staying With people I hate You won't ever find Someone who loves and values You as much as me How are you gonna? Attempt to make a local Account with a stan The effort to wash My hair right now is unreal I just want to nap I have only ate A meatball sub and chocolate Milk since Saturday Give Ross Barkley a Month he will be unreal at Chelsea, great signing She better keep this At all the shows, because my God, it's beautiful Also, lol, I leave For Vegas next Sunday and I'm sick lol kill me I woke up today With my body not working Ouch everything hurts And the nominees For toxic people, are you? You, you, you, you you Take care of yourself Consult a doctor before It gets serious I wonder if there Are any times on the clock? That I've never seen I like the bottoms Of muffins better than the Tops there, I said it Love Eric Gordon But dude plays like a running Back on offense, lol I'm meeting Justin Next era, I don't care what It takes, but I will Tired of people Looking at me as fool but This makes me happy I really can't wait To take my little brother Out he's like my son Even when it's not My fault, I always end up Being in the wrong It's a beautiful Fucking day to do awesome Shit, let's get to it People can never Just be happy for you, don't Care, I love my life Really not feeling Work tomorrow at all, I Need a vacation? I hope to expand Someone's mind one day to be A greater person Do first think later If you think before you do You will not do it Win the Super Bowl I doubt they even win this Weekend without wentz I'm wide awake and My mind is running full speed I just want to sleep I'm proper sad now I'm sure Billy was and will Forever be loved Got up to early So I could come eat breakfast Never again, man Also Kevin Doan So dam gorgeous like wow his New hair color, yes (sigh) I really miss Carrie Fisher being here In this world with us It's Amish Day, oh? Wait, it's a mistake by men At work wrong lyrics I'm just so happy Her under the radar friends Expect one by one Getting ready to Leave pretty soon to dye my Hair, Burgundy, red If it's a secret Don't talk about it in front Of other people Hannah needs to fly Me out to Cal to take One of Sean's classes Know anyone that? Can make a decent header For the new Twitter Can't cheat on someone And then expect honesty To be the bandaid People will find and Use the most dumbest reasons Not to fuck with you Do you think, Sony? Michael still has decent rest Of reason, upside Yay for the weekend And tomorrow is supposed To be beautiful Been drinking fairly Slowly this afternoon best Get to changing that Manchester is red It will still be even when City win the league Vegas always has An open man in front of The net caps fix that Between sending a Text and replying a text I always mess up Trippie Redd has some Dope ass music on the way I can tell you that Any chance you could? Tweet the full image of the Dolphin hero, thanks No kidding trying To enjoy sweater weather Without a heat stroke This is exactly What I wanted all of you Against all of me All I'm saying is A verified check would look Great next to my name But also glad cause If he were working now, I'd Feel bad, let him rest O Mary conceived Without sin, pray for us who Have recourse to thee If only I could Tell the future I'll be an Millionaire on God Buy me a bouquet Of flowers and I'll love you Forever, I swear Kids, Felix, I love Your smile so much it really Brightens up my world I just wanna lay Down and finish my cheesecake I'll be satisfied It's happening, my Phone is acting like it has A mind of its own Having coffee in? The morning is such a good Way to start my day Sometimes I want to Vent, but I don't want people All in my business We will announce the Winner of the Giveaway Tomorrow, stay tuned I also make some Stop motion there, not to good But they kinda are Only against the Pats, is that an ejection? U know how it goes All my favorite Teams are bad at hockey and This sport is stupid Even the nicest Person that I know hurts me We all make mistakes My mom likes Kendra And I'm broke who willing to Take one for the team My best recording Voice is the morning after I hung out all night When you can't enjoy Anything because you have? Too much on your mind Hire me to write For you, so I can explain Why moby dick rips? Good morning only To people who don't reverse In parking spots The real question is Which rookie will be the best? On Madden this year I'm not excited To go trick or treating beech This is my last year Needless to say I'm Back on my bed, about to Try sleeping thru nye Should I drop Ryan? Anderson for Mike Conley Or randle or smarts I think I might've Played the worst tennis ever Today it was great Respect is one of The greatest expressions of Love, remember that? I predict we will See Steelers vs Vikings In the superbowl She decided she'd Camp out in her van again Nothing really new I love my sister And I will always have her Back no matter what? I've decided to Go live in a bubble, if Anyone needs me Bedding for begging For love, summer to winter To summer to fall I miss having close Friends, I can see pretty much Whenever I want So annoying when? Your down and only want to Talk to one person You try being there? For someone in a time of Need and I get this I wanna take shots Of absinthe and hope I live To tell the story I'm majoring in Being kind to retail and Food service workers Like not married or Dating or anything but? I relate so hard I need someone to Fix my wig because I dead Don't know what to do This is gonna flop But anyway, what's Irene's? Best era of these Take care of yourself If you need anything, feel Free to message me I don't understand How people can think weed is? Worse than alcohol You know you're ugly When you've had the same avi? For a million years Man, United have Been miles ahead of Chelsea In this second half If you don't believe In zodiac signs, I don't Need you in my life This person does not Merge my thoughtfulness, my Earnestness, my time I'll probably do A cartwheel may break a hip But it's all worth it Some people r born Only to make fun of me Like I'm a joker Man, I gotta see My idol, Vince Carter, play Before he retires Watch every fake Dodger fan start talking shit Saying they suck, lol If you can't ever Hit me up, I'm not gonna Hit you up simple This is gonna sound So stupid, but fuck me, I Love a weekly shop This album is what? Really got me into the Beauty of music The person who lives By his fears will never find Freedom in God's love Getting coffee or? Be late to work is always A tough call for me I am the mantel And you are a painting, come Rest your frame on me It's better to stay To yourself than to explain Why you feel alone? Too many cooks was The last good thing to happen On the internet Still reeling over That guy jacking off his dog And posting a pic Local, thank you so Very much for the like, how's? Your Monday going? Inda Hood tonight Thank God sick of Roberts I'll Go home tomorrow A friend is someone Who gives you total freedom? To be yourself so Miranda, that's what Every guy wants to gear From his lady X We are about to Go try raising canes for the First time, finally When I remember? That I'm going to meet, dame Sue Black tomorrow If you have money For drugs, den, u have money To eat, choose wisely Almost time to go Home, shower and slide into That warm bed of mine Lakers stacking up L's like they used to do Banners, not the wave Doctor is mad I'm Not gaining a lot of weight But I feel so big I just gotta say I have the absolute best Baby's in the world Going to compete For high jump today and I Feel good about it I enjoy the warm Weather it's the only source Of warmth I can get I want to marry My best friend I'm going to Marry my best friend Be you even when? Everyone is telling you To be someone else All the important Decisions always come down To just one moment I hope you finished Reading those last five pages Of the alchemist My co workers are So fucking petty, I can't You bitches are grown Prayers to all people Who have suffered in the wake? Of the hurricane James Theodore Smith The neighbours do not need to See your John Thomas I get so annoyed When this idiot is all Over my timeline Gonna make this drive To Spanish town now let's see How the traffic goes? I hate when parents Say you're going to need me Before I need you Damn, does anyone? Other love that moment when an Email finds them well I never want to Live this Sunset Town, but one Day, the time may come Happy birthday, pam And also may the force be With you on this day I have a headache Why do Italians have to? Be so damn loud for I just thought about Something crazy, I dunno My mind just races Don't mess with Texas Except for the Rangers, we Don't care about them Only a broke ass Or a spoiled fuck nugget can Give you all his time Would be amazing To see the players on the Bench joining in too One fucking comment And my mood is ruined for The rest of the day There's no casinos In Texas, but I can walk Around with a gun People really don't Be having shit else better To do with their time If you follow me Sure, I will follow you back This is a promise I really have no Life anymore, my head is Always in my books Galette Personto crown me Even for one night Gold medal On the back of the jewel My sweat Full moon So bright and round The station clock Slightly downpour Crying and then laughter, teen Employment quest Alphabet soup My best haiku ever Digged Moon rain Even longer day So dark yet Checking Dividends Cashpoint on the screen To and fro an ant Long barge Slow on the canal The moon Buttocks after another It precedes me Gare SaintLazare Sea breeze Under full sail A pregnant skipper Drifting From somewhere Pear blossoms Spring evening Under a black umbrella Phone number and key Louver Ajar As falls slowly The rising sun Cold morning Far from coming clouds And our mouths Lime Water Memories to be smaller And the greatest summers Zen Garden Rain disappears In pebbles Urban Geese Voices extemporise Around a sitar Matin noir Et blanc de brouillard Et ces croix de bois Evening flares At summer's end Fireflies Dandelion Seeds Ai r b o r * n In a cool breeze Frozen drizzle Page after page It's insistent drumming It expects to top The subway stairs The moon Nobody sees The red persimmons Aversed garden In bottling This slow movement Bach At the cemetery gate Three old friends " speak rheumatism August full moon Her pregnancy test Positive Ever tonight? Relight the candles The wind blows Picking blackberries? Balloon In the evening sky Adding Clouds, clouds, clouds Incinerator Hot air balloons rise Over the Loire Then the full moon Easter Sunday A nice little knot In garbage bag Burial Fill 17 feet Haiku Celebration of Kings The pine trees Obsolete! A crow Repeats its call First morning Organ music In the subway Her long legs Basho haiku Cones of sand Under the pen Fireworks off Near the full moon On the sea midnight I read haiku About sleep Plonk The center of the world Haikai Insomnia The smell of bread Who cooked? Ticklish course Insect on my cheek Aircraft crossing In the bowl of verbena Lamp ceiling MidNovember In the Cathedral Knieling? The photographer Early necklines Already ripe fruits April [ subway wind] Happens to raise a page Haikai Bright white Her blouse The Ides of March Quick interview tonight The plate of A Wind Street Dry garden Traces of knife In butter Fragonard street The white canvas A sheet drying Sunday, 7:17 The knife on horseback On bean At the door of Fauchon A puddle of vomit End of year Macrofurrow The librarian I look down In a crate Carrots, France Books at a Euro She took dance Her big brassy calves In the rain in September End of the mornng The mold of the fishmonger Yawn September storm Pressed against your back Curled up 180 dead'8 attacks Karachi today Zidane said on TV Headend Sikh taxi White Turban In empty apartment The great gash of Sun Ground The collection of a friend ' a Zen monk rakes The angle of coverage Brown belt his skin Between top and pants Online fourteen Under the bus shelter Old Tepu Avenue Rain in May Two ladies of a certain age Speak bra Train, May Her round ass ' amount escalator Half Moon Fringed White Lake February 1 To Metz Taken in the Moselle A bottle The ass in the air In the truck's headlights Women's legs Who will enter the building? Black with blue flowers Slip violist! Shostakovitch Buttocks in buttocks Upstairs Austerlitz station End of november Basting few worries Still blooming Red panties Cellist Concert in Luzon Only his shoe Left, Crisse After Mass Low squared On the beautiful legs, woman Sudoku When the sun? Elements the window of the bus This mosquito is excited Nearly half The right moon Clear November sky On the pavement The leaves are agitated Soon the full moon Passing in Caroline Street With my four artichokes Runny nose Dormant Next to the orange fish Full moon of November The edge of her panties On his nice little buttocks Berthed A book in tent On his chest Wind and wave At the corner of Avenue Every morning at 9:30 pm He closes his tent Small concert cars The morning To get going The top of the tree [Tickles the nose] Giant Buddha Dustpan and Broom The paper hearts Square of the town hall The shadow His chin piercing Twelve o'clock mark Blue eyes She drinks water source Eve of summer Two o'clock in the morning A tiny insect Through the new page Of laughter Fall through the window Saturday night Dancing fabric Around the woman's legs Transport strike Rumors, am The shadow of a smoke On the white facade Great Tide Oil At the highest Full moon night The shape of the model's breasts In the shopwindow Late into the night Our two empty cups Since a long time Middle of August Haikus At low tide The poetess Part remain the haiku And the Cold Cup Breasts, Mannequins Link in the window Approach of spring On the chimney Blue Roofer Vernal Equinox Without world news One hundred butterflies fly in the grass This morning Garden gates Closed On river water Constables Of quiet raindrops Sleepless night Autumn, Equinox Opinions Turning American night The technicians Jostle Brussels,Munich Fly Racing On the PC screen At the foot of the bank Dandelions Flowering TV debate Her breasts flopped In the bodice Against the light Off a large dog Freebie! Snail shells [Elevated] First shoots New Year The same street this morning Silence and more The dead tree In the lush forest Covered with votive Intermission We talk about war Behind the scenes Fall this morning The bird on his left shoulder Coated Rainy day Through windows The yellow jasmine Artillerie Another glass of wine The left hand Commotion In the computer's belly I'm hungry Gray dust On the marble fireplace And your picture The deaf With his glasses Black After the dispute The plates are still Dirty Little sun Through the windows Dirty Dubious afternoon Even the fresh snow Is tinted gray? Jam On the birthday card Signed Baby Hiroshima Day A 13 kiloton Sunset Winter sun The flat of my hand On the cold window Late winter snow A distant whistle Train Cuts through my silent View of the bitter When she looks out the window With that vague air The words under the fingers The Blind and Braille Book Friction paper Canada Day we play Another concert In the rain Winter rain The man's face Of snow Gray buds Glycine today It would have sixteen Ashen moon He asked him The divorce On the line His gray ball The suburban Cigale earthenware And Walker End of the journey Glimmer of revival At the window Full moon Sunny terrace Forget Christmas Oncoming On the gray tarmac In the rain back Yellow bus Does not make his bed Undo the Day return Watching seagulls? Search the market remains Imagine the sea At the other end of the world On the train window Race raindrops Under the endless rain The gray spot The colors of the arena With my dad Speak to learn to grow old The smell of clematis Chat of joggers The heron and I Motionless March night Listen to the rain Scalling on the tiles Subway Platform The beggar snores His bottle stands In the middle of the night The hum of the ventilation Between two sirens blaring First day of autumn The sun hits the tile One last time Lost in the hubbub On the opposite platform The shouting match Anonymous signature Old pigeon footprints The bare cement Monday in October In and out of the subway Without seeing the day Metro Morning This urine odor Tenacious Red tasks first On the hillside Sun on my cheek Heavy sleep After plum alcohol Collected in his garden I saw the horizon In the subway In four by three The sound of rain Worry the echo of my footsteps Autumn morning From room to room The mouse moves Without worrying about us Iced or hot tea I hesitate Last day of August It is no longer Cold tap water Heat wave Sitting on the ground Her bare shoulder Armless Three cardboard pieces Slightly Rests monte A snail adventure The still hot asphalt June storms Sad sandwich Fall from a machine Soulless The only lights on In a passive fight "Against the darkness of the whole building" T shirtless window I read haikus Summer rain Just for a moment The smell of pine trees Way to work The coin As cold as the machine Which to me made? Black jacket Under trees With pink flowers In the train All the scents of the morning Overshadowed by the tramp asleep White The pages of my notebooks I do not like winter (Near in the air) Fixing the invisible Bum perched Listen to the rain Next to my phone Quiet At Rise Piss in the autumn wind Make a haiku First flakes Think of my father On his hospital bed My cold bed My skin looking her's First flakes Stroke the cat A cold drop My neck Sad smile The line of bum who sleeps On the subway platform His old hands Working the soil Smell of brewed tea Pure blue A broken Robin's egg Half moon Something I'm forgetting A sudden chill My credit card Reported Ashes, what was once a man? And the full moon Bright, big yellow Enough room Infinite TV ads For nobody Our greeting Between the honks Returning Geese? Autumn visit Over war news, we talk Of babies Broken Magnolia Bloom Still inviting bees Afternoon fog Jimi Hendrix [Sings] Dexterous fog A math teacher reexplains how To clear parentheses Summer A fly informs me Of dirt places in my kitchen Creed Moon Some one took a bite Of the Big Apple Workers on scaffolds Paint a building Second day of a heat wave Morning dense fog My neighbor forgets Her curtains open 1111 I am still Single Candle light at sunset Hanukkah Starts Afternoon walk The buzz of air conditioners And flies Blue sky A woman wearing a burka? Looks up Dexterous fog A nudist beach Empties up Blue sky I order my eggs Sunny side up Morning fog A garbage truck Makes no noise Blue sky A banker smokes A US made cigar Blue sky I listen to her Tell me a lie Blue sky No milk left For the kittens Summer haze She wears A beige bikini Blue sky My neighbor left His garage door open Deepening dusk A fish leaps Between Grebes Autumn sunset A birthday balloon Rises Slow river A wave of Cirrus clouds breaks Across the sky Summer fog Layers of color In the sand Fog lifting The bean vines climb A little higher Afternoon nap The Hippopotamus opens It's nostrils Fourth of July A mosquito waves It's striped leg Full summer Yellow leaves among the green In the laurel Final phase The bedside nurse Reads a fairy tale Heaviness, July A homeless fan With cardboard Unmade bed A smile on the edge The empty flute Equinox All the colors of autumn In the sky Winter solstice Tangerine essence In my bath water Anonymous room Shadow splashing gray The unnamed woman Honey and coffee Might smell permeating The crumpled sheets Waves on the beach Noise rollers rolling Under our embrace Discount store The unfinished tattoo On the cashier's arm Work in the garden Hot sweat smell And Oregano Memorial Day weekend Watering plants Remembering? Winter session In the kitchen My cracked teacup At anchor Tankers Wide blue sea, white sky Dusting off the ancestors And stirring up memories Spring cleaning Cancer clinic visit A bald woman passes by With a smile Lulled to sleep By gutter sounds Spring dreaming The voice of the singer Looks black In the smoky cafe Under a sky Of no particular color Dandelions Outside Our bedroom window Falling sleet Ah, these short nights Almost time to see Seeds up Last day of the year A leaf in the wind over a long Stem A procession The funeral of thirty one December 2004 Snowflake Without a word, the woman Gagged The printer spits Millennium phoenix Another sheet Blue Iris She watches the needle Deepen his flesh Words We've left unsaid Indian summer Between her And his goodbye Slightly hail Left padlocked Under streetlight Orions bike One week later Fewer roses in A slenderer vase Demilune La glace, craque Sou les pas Politicians play The same old games Long rainy season Listening To an incense stick Autumn draws deeper Mata Hitotsu Kabe ni ana ari Ten Takashi Old house All doors Are open? Drenched In the old grounds We cuddly Big store From morning to night His caddy in his house Under the moon White water, Lily flower On the night of the pond Covered sky Full moon seen just On the calendar House for sale In the neglected garden The first crocuses Ice moon The Snowman Keeped his scarf Sweet night The Snowman Left without his pipe Snow dawn The footprints The paperboy 'Very north wind' A tuft of red hair In the wire Iconic moon The sudden memory Lilac perfume Winter moon The sudden memory Lilac perfume Autumn Dawn The street windows Lit screens Raked With fallen leaves The wings of a butterfly Evening tea The flame of the match Wake shadows October sun The flash of a robin In big black pine Even green half She deserves a haiku The last strawberry Coastal Path The lapping of water The gourd The fog lifts Two tits on the roof Hotel insect Winter hour Fealing prunus Changes color Garden path Silver turn A slug Wandering thoughts Blood on the edge The shears Transplanting Jasmine A family of woodlice Expropriated Open window About Starry Night It pushes the cloth Each car The Fox's tail Heaves The cleavage The young ceuilleuse Melon field Reinflated tires The grain of the road Just sings Compost bin Melon pips below Road ants To measure That the darkness descends Orange, Azalea Zen garden The shadow of the stone Buddha Changed places Of the storm yesterday Nothing more than a snail Squashed First heat A sparrow visit Glears neighborhood Mixing the compost? A label Organic banana Morning of the Ascension A crossfly The ray of light Birthday night A red wristband Offered my watch Good Friday My window vacuum The felled tree Late frost Stone frog Lost a toe The next door [Places] A moment Time for chat Palm Sunday The white flowers of the orchid That was believed dead Garden She chose lavender With bees Birthday morning My footprints on the beach "Mirly deeper" Tunnel exit A rapeseed field lights The compartment The bagel hole It shows me Full moon Rustled barn Straw smell At sunset From left to right From right to left The mat of Jogger First steps Reflect projectors On the strings of the banjo Silent morning Few drops of milk In my coffee, black Haiku agenda Cookie crumbs Sunday's page Spring sunshine Gardening books On the coffee table Under a haiku Winter and white smoke A crushed insect First day of the year An old cut Starts to bleed Meat of the year [Cruches] The palm of the hand Winter storm My office chair Creaks a bit Mist Garden The faded blue autumn Wilted Hydrangeas After the storm Unknown tree leaves In the garden The cloud To the plane The place over Dinner Chat twilight Slips into the vineyards End of the novel Removed cold coffee In my cup base In my halfsleep The rooster For the third time Traffic stopped The morning sky loaded Flights of starlings Burning one by one Of old love letters Some gray smoke Night, Equinox Cries of cats Tear my dream Grape flat The rainy afternoon Corn by grain A leg lagging Between the fallen flowers Evening spider Cloud watching The meeting Pangaea of Book of Haiku A gnat landed Between blue and sky Moonless night A distant dog responds It's echo The sea beyond Cracking shells Under our feet Low tide The shells of Silence Under the full moon Lapping at the bottom The stairs from the dock A smell of piss Under the eye of a heron Session of stretching On one leg Open window Some trombone agreements In the May evening Disjoint components Just enough daylight For a haiku Climate change The flowers of Magnolia Incorporated in the green A year more A first Birdsong My insomnia North face of the iris A snail climbing The uppermost sheet Thinning A white butterfly Cross the road Lost Chapel Dried flowers path At the foot of the Virgin End of the holidays Some sand Deep in my pockets Book of Haiku The imprint of my steps In the snow, March End of the day Hoarse voice Banking distributor Towpath Dissolved fog The BlueGray heron Weekday morning Two sugar cubes In his black coffee Winter storm This last day of the year Expecting nothing more Eve of the year Rose a notch Low over the horizon This old fight Knowing Both our shares Thunder Moon My belt Looted a notch After the year Epiphany Magnolia buds Defy the gray sky Classroom The ass from the stall Look through the window First snow Bird graffiti The threshold of the day Sunday, endless A snowman In the school yard Snow sky She gives a little blue Over his eyes Winter sky It adds a little blue Over his eyes First snow Footprints Trash bin Flood lights The parking lot of the hyper A starless sky In hyphenation Of an autumn haiku Rain on the tiles The curb Fealing cherry In two garbage bags Insect Crushed between the pages Drawing the wings Fall foliage Eyes glued to the screen His mobile Taking the book? Open on the table Some sand Alley Cactus Two engraved names Among thorns Between oven and fridge Three wrinkled apricots Skin against skin Cool morning Our chairs side by side At the back of the garden Of wings Bats Night descends Cool tiled floors A ripe peach flavor At sunrise Each pass The bat A new star Crossroads Juniper Stopped there Starry sky While a wind farm Stopped! Holiday cottage Flapping seconds In the middle of the night Dry tank The trace of a snail On the stone wall Twilight A final nozzle In slow circles Shade of cherry Slamming nuclei Under mower Reflection in the stainless The coffee machine [Naked little morning] Duckweed The wake of the duck Slowly closes Scalling waves A chipped stone Returned to the sea Pylon of the turn Faded colors, bouquet Artificial flowers Roundabout Looks like the face Of the Moon Morning ablutions Channel into round drops On the back of a duck Work meeting A paper, Carambar In my pocket base Oxbow Channel The sudden race A moorhen At the end of the field Two sparrows on her hat Scarecrow Glacial wind Dead leaves crowd On the stone threshold Polar cold Charging pharmacist The condom machine Schoolyard Boxes of hopscotch White salt Frost morning White Shade Poplars Sunset Glass Towers Light Winter wind Bottles collide In the reach of the lock Double glazing The crescent moon And it's reflection In the vapor My cup of tea The Rising Moon Alarm clock The garbage truck On the dot Under my hood The Word on the Street Rain picote The end of a branch The hanging garden In a drop of water Resuming the race After two months of Pause The same rain Wet deck The paths of Earthworms Interweave Global warming Of king cake Forget a month After the rain Full moon drips Behind the glass First day of winter Retouching a haiku Last summer Last mowing The bag of weed escapes The evening, mist After each car The rush of pies To the mass of red hair Train departure Darkness sets At the window Halo of the lamp Blackest blackbird His shadow Cash hyper Of yogurt packages Black lace Highway interchange The crescent moon passes In the rear window Morning Weather Between the blades of the blind A dash of gray skies Book non MassicoTe To small penknife The end of the sentence Toilet Beach The flush wins The waves Vacation home Apple leaves Off the grass Dusk A group of starlings On the wire Slowly in the park "Grass and damp earth before" Eight hours of air conditioning Clean lawn A jasmine leaf Bloodred Last August morning The Blue lagoon My shaving gel Cut into cubes Apple quarters The moon in the window Old mas Left Release At the foot of the olive trees Verbena orange First star Then a second Trout of old pine A cicada moulting Faced the setting Cold shadow The cicadas Stopped short Spike! A moth In the net Raising his eyes Over my page Blured moon Moon in the morning ( freckle squirrel) From branch to branch Fourth Cover Blood, mosquito Hot coffee My glasses Steam veiled Slam Capase's spurge Afternoon slow Long rainy day A window to the street The setting of lights Some new grass At the location of the strain My palms heal Noise of the vacuum cleaner? The sun hides Behind a cloud Evening in the garden The washer neighbors Passes spin Nnocturnal downpour A new wood board Lock the bench Under the pergola Red foil Easter Monday Old apple tree Noise fills saw The empty space Before the trash After the trash The song of the Thrush Towpath Two cyclists on the small gear ratio [ speak du Ventoux Noise, mower Wild Violets Slattering under the hedge World News The pink line of a plane An antenna to the other Military Cemetery Wind frayed flags And pink cherry Ash Wednesday The bunch of daffodils Getting ready to bloom A robin's beak ICTs, shell pierces Earth Day Tsunami in Japan Ride a breeze The channel surface Desk drawer Last summer Memory card Bare fields The highvoltage line By leaps and bounds Small, clear morning ' a haiku Basho Before leaving The moon In a puddle Almost full Morning info The grain composition In seven languages West Wind The mainsail banging A silage tank One year to another A haiku to another Just a blank line Long night of snow Bird legs before The front door Christmas market A star in the puddle Black snow "Bloomy cold" A row of stalactites The roof edge Roma, red light The accordion In flash info Winter hour My Kiwi peeling in the direction Of clockwise Autumn Terrace A broom around Ladybug November night On my hands smell Of the ground herb Last day of Summer Before the child running The flight of pigeons End of demo Pigeon's resume Possession of the place Autumn Equinox Trying a word to say? Red Jasmine Sleepless night Two motionless tGenaires The bottom of the sink Of fog The sizzle of the line High voltage Sunday night Three deflated balloons The gate of a neighboring Evening dew A ladybug on the wire The mower Fencing east The Long Pyramid Straw bales First, frost The steel blue perfume My aftershave Down flat And folded blanket It's square corner to the door Lounger Snow mattress Gentlemen, background First day of the year I change the blade My razor Buttered toast In my black coffee The starry sky Palm Sunday Rain wets slowly Boxwood Garden Downpour of sleet The flower falls Suns, bouquets Erawakening of spring rain The anniversary Of my divorce Ash Wednesday A girl in a red sweater Through the Grand First, coffee Color spot The new calendar Frosty evening A seat shadow In the coin laundry Up disabled A covered car Dead leaves Spider on the threshold A second round The latch Last August morning An old man at his door Look at his watch Silence of dawn Some steam rises My bowl Dish's tray A drift Africa Above dishes Gold glitter The gaps between tiles Christmas Eve An alarm Far into the night His frozen feet Cloudless sky All the things I do not know Only this morning The cutting edge My chipped bowl Pale sun The first butterfly September midnight Before the 12th shot Flush Rool of a plane Searching among the stars? One that flashes After the storm A puddle of blue sky The hollow of the stone bench Fruit basket Daily point Each cherry The wheel tracks In the snow on the low side Ash Wednesday Christmas truce A small spider Through the kitchen Snow shower Quince Squalling Scraping noises On a windshield Warmness of bed Bookseller showcase Discolored blankets Novels of Summer Aversed house Glycine crosses The garden wall Tether! Another not covered By another wave Snow shower The models of the window In summer dresses Glass door A moon of hopscotch In the entrance Subway ticket? Just enough space For Haiku Stormy night The buzz A combine Moonlit night A mosquito on the screen From the computer Lapping water The radio of a fisherman Muted Night thawing The Snowman Left without his pipe Night butterflies Honeysuckle flowers Faded on the floor End of October A bookseller without customer Stirs the leaves Drunk on the porch False home The turnkey Day shrink The parched Petaside Is not as great End of the demo In the pub toilet We still scrolls Between basswood And the war memorial Leaves show Ducks distraught On the ponds of Brenne Vote hunters Back of the garden Full of beans, zucchini And a haiku She ran out of steam to follow Her bouncing breasts The jogueuse shorts Work in the hospital The crane operator works through gestures Very big knife A hole in the wall Chickadees are moving At the redstart Pale sunrise Outside the quiet house Yellow rose blooms Winter sunlight We rumpled linen Those slow hands Open blinds Night blooming, Jasmine And stars Ferocious storms Wahened by the wet [ tongue of a dog] Winter sun The slow dripdrip Year of icicle The last of the boxes Moved finally out Cloud covered sunset From my window A maple's trunk lichened The only green Sleepless night Same old song Over and over Windy Day On the village walls Of leaves, shadows Did you leave? And the day seems Getting colder The night In silence, silence It becomes dark The sky and I Silent exchange Thoughts and stars The house empty The furniture only To wait The house empty It fills the sound Rain On the wall In the light stripe The shadow of a flight He arrives in the evening The flight of a seagull Cuts through the silence Laurent Hedge Submerged by waste Glory in decay From my dreams In the middle of the night Come rumors Roman night Sticked in a traffic jam Under the moon Hagel and rain A frost crust Suffocates the fields Awaken at night A stone in the pond Moonlight splashes Night rain He befriends His sound Sick The end of the day The florist unsold Chrysanthemums The house empty It opens and closes the shutters Windy Day Party's over By unlit candles Smoking rooms Night watch In the eyes, sheperds A flock of stars The first snow Enclosured between the petals Chrysanthemum The house empty The rain has erased All imprints Enough place It makes the darkest darkness Autumn Night "Still of wind" Clipped on the wall By a brush Rainy evening Mountains fading Gray on gray The old calendar Enclosured in a red circle My birth In the pans Cleaned into the rock Floats a cricket Sunny day Salt on the facade The shadow of the smoke A new year Garden in the snow Still intact The snow falls On the branch sparrows Ever closer? The asylum Over the empty bed Scratch Moon! Return home On the trail walls But not the history Sky clouds The church spire So still? He runs the night On wings of moth Toward the light Cut palm There are only Few fireflies On the calendar Mark Red Circles My path Minds lost In their memory Neaked trees Olive Wood The oil path In his veins Roasted coffee The smell woke All the way Roman villa Opens its door Over the empty Temple of Vesta Over his fire off Rain falls Early morning Few flakes of snow The basil City at night Smell the rain Roasted chestnuts Clear sky The river current Drag star Moon in half Hiding open book On the table Including butts And cars in the parking A yellow flower Among the Magnolias The Folia Corelli In a violin Ripe wheat My hair is Autumn leaves Ripe corn My hair is Autumn leaves Moon cut Each month, your breasts Reconstructed In the twilight Two chairs in interview Even if empty Light snow The hammer of a woodpecker In the silence Airport Someone deleted The passengers First year The shadow of Calicantus On the calendar At the cemetery Increase every year My stops The empty nest He has filled the grass Glear Etruscan wall Painted by the passage A snail Moonlit night The shade of a flowering peach tree Over the wall On the sidewalk Wet from the rain Walking trails in the sky Broken necklace In each pearl spread A bit of Heaven Evening of June The door ajar Only the dark Closed Garden Passes the wall perfume Oranges Bend in the river Where the little girl drowned? Papyrus in bloom On the sidewalk Among the cyclamens One man Easter Vigil Mother sits next The empty bed After the rain The baby's grave It reflects the sky On the sidewalk A written love And many steps Windy night Look at the sick man Last leaves Egyptian lions In autumn light Watching the sun Deserted house It looks out the window Full moon Breaks thoughts The tip of the Cypress Shaken by the wind Daisy's in Vase next to bread Hot from the oven On the hill Rusts of a castle And apple trees in blossom After the rain The nearly full moon Lose color Rain falls The Roman aqueduct Found water Suddenly A piano while The moon rises Headstones Barrow to each other Autumn Wind Time passes The graves in the cemetery You are old Stone staircase On the steps, footprints Of men and Rain Amid the myrtle Cleaned in granite Door to nowhere The wind carries Smell of mimosa Between the antennas From year to year Grow old with the trunk Heart engraved Also tonight Snow Gondola The Grand Canal Blanket of snow It is also masked The beggar Red spots Only poppies In the green grass In the twilight Flights of cormorants And lapping of waves On the hill Bund of scattered houses Without a shepherd Obsolete man dead Season pass In the trash Summer lightning Expense in the night The hidden streets Foggy road After the corner, I find A closed wall White morning Far there hospitals Bombarded The slide gently In the flesh of the mango Sunset Cold winter Person on the way Which leads to the pond First, frost It's pot mint sprig Remade its roots Night of Epiphany This strange dream flew At first light Evening light Tacks on the rope Remouillent Return trip Slowly, the sky and the waters Merit Night In the hallway, my steps Guided by the Moon Almost midnight Santa plastic Deflates First wind turbines Slowly, they evacuate A radical of the night Christmas market Alsatian sauerkraut On the Brittany stand Showering yet Three in chestnut jays Brighten the day Sleepless night I gather the petals Wilted Roses All Saints Day From my window Backwaters Time of Gift Giving Near the old computer A new mouse Enough pockets The eye turned towards the moon Nearly full All night long Rain on the glass Whet head full Rising Moon Her smooth belly Like a pebble In the fog The neck of a goose Winter hour Morning tea Returning the cup? icts emptiness Toussaint The family circle widens Under the marble Risk of Fusion On my fingers, the smell Sea immortal Earthen From terrace to terrace The muezzins call Stormy weather Under the boots noise Pavers Low sky We saw branches Somewhere [Spiritches] Scarecrow, shaken It's CD Pentecost The flame In his eyes Crossroads As Christ on the Cross Purple nettles Shorter days She covers her face Failer cream Valentine's Day Birds chatter Eight days Fat autumn At least the tea Remains green Valentine's day The thigh of Bergerac On the tongue Under the veil of wintering The ladybug Curled up New Years The girl has three suns In the sky First day of the year Between cheese and coffee Change the world Making haiku? Incision Painless The cliff Cut the mist Windless day December night A nail to fix The star First cold A summer haiku In the pocket base Chemin des Dames Fog Erases nothing Night Curled Spider At the corner of walking New wine evening The wind blows stronger Return Dark night In a moon, Rai Crazy butterfly Midday The dunes of the eye feels Stronger Output: Married Rose petals Already faded Fraternal horns Smell gracile Raw lettuce Mild spring Wild geese gather Noiseless Agadirs Women dressed in dark Stuny silence Wool wedding The first moth In the closet Meteor watching A match lights up Year unknown face Obsolete shelter An unkempt man peels A dyed egg End of day It closes the henhouse Between dog and wolf Stormy night The excitement of water In the kettle Valentine's Day Swollen eyes The florist Twilight, winter In the breath of the surf Unnecessarily words January, doucereux Read the haikus Other winters Starry Night Happiness can Pissing in the moonlight All under his feet A sheet, Chiffonnade The smell of life Autumn evening The spider as Dormant On the Web Time change The neighbor's gate Whines earlier? Banks of Marshes In that old willow, autumn Has left a nest All night long They roam the sidewalks Dead leaves Weather alert Behind the closed shutters A snail August heat Pregnant test results the Become clear First cold On the pull of the past year Cat hair End of season The Horn of the Baker Earlier and earlier Starry Night The Great Bear hangs Neighbours of the antenna Rainstorm Body smell In the bus Cloudy sky This full moon night On the calendar Beautiful skies Gaza setting drape Teasing beauty Bouquets of explosions Under each fumarole Invisible flesh The bubble bursts Making dance the moon Old mare Forest Lascaux Cars and phones Hunting party Morning sun The crumbs on the table Have a shadow Guitar and harmonica In my car as Bob Dylan Further 20 years A river behind The graveyard Forgetmenots Slightly cold She reads and rereads a book James Easter Sunday An onion Sticked with a clove Winter day Luxury watches Affordable Morning tempte The toaster in the kitchen In its place Late winter Finally the snow Wallpaper The hole, Secu The pale pink blouse The pharmacist Restless night She wakes up talking to me Cigardas Familie Beach Small crabs will And go quietly Familie Beach Women make pies And keep their jersey Organic flour, 65 A male moth 'Looking a female' Parentparty eve of It's most beautiful sweater Eated by moths Between 2 Sardins She speaks His pilgrimage 72 years She never saw her vagina Winter sun I put on my socks She talks to me Of carbohydrates Yet night 'Sale in the kitchen It breaks nuts Night meutes After the small dej The crumbs Intifada A portable to another Rabies! Intifada One side ties The other, Nike Intifada A slight delay For dinner Colors Before the display of bra The reluctant photographer Removals After removal The same coat racks Judas trees in flower Mist and fog The papacy Afternoon heat Tandemon Damselflies We bask reed Easter Monday Absent for several days The cat is back The wild wind In the small machine of my neighbor 3 months pregnant Saturday night A long time to prune Colored pencils Morning wintering Willy Gardener Stunted Waiting room A very old magazine 2000 Before leaving Scatter the coals Flight of fireflies Shadows of entants A fire to another Starry sky Just before winter Buddha junk His last gift A snail In the right eye of the citrouille Next Halloween On the washing line A bird in quilibre Somewhere in Falluja The clicking of the shears In the branches of Oranger The forecast cold Mosquitoes In my new house Did not follow me Summer Storm The small cloth of my neighbor Well, hung After the rain Beer capsules By the roadside Late winter Chive seeds In the palm of my hand Rock and roll metal In the night, a can Rolled by the wind Frozen night In both blue eyes, headlights From the East Iceberg A tip of his white breast Emerges Hot Eve Balconn breasts Place the chills Soft white blue Muslim colors Iznik tiles In the ballot box Hopes his ideals Reduced to ashes Spring City Young shoots Young ladies On his T shirt Raised it, revives Che Beaujolais, Nouveau Red Dress The young wine merchant Almost a month Without a haiku Smells of spring Maguelone in April The young vine Is not bare? Responds to his song Harpoons of old Japan Whale in spring The couple alive The old photo Dreams of future Relentless sun My lips meet cool the arc Flushing from the hose Winter or not [Buttons to it] Are open? Christmas in Japan Not found seasons, Word For hangings Late night Multiply the two mirrors Glasses and looks Deserted beach Rolled under a piece of wood Two ants Tourists in Provence Finding in lavender? WC of smell The game in the blood Getting the right number? In its analysis Flea market A pink panties In working order Flea market A woman's panties Prerelease Villa Insects and animals Admitted November The split pine log A summer fragrance First, frost Lemon returned Not navels Market Lunel Not designed panties For the cold On the Zattere Our image in the window Tarnished Italian Train punctual Even delay the go The return "Stream of cars" To see the source Dryed The juice flowing Complace to the neck Mature girl Out the window Mother, their target machine Dream machine On the clothesline Birds up The bottom pins 'Sale in the dark Is this how it comes? Winter night This winding river Confluence of what I know And what I do not Haijin heterodox The Haiku meeting He drinks wine Cult of tradition And war criminals Cherry blossoms White Dawn Cherry blossoms Before the sun In shape The hospital plants In plastic December 23 A minute more One day less Break fumette! Three Santas with beards "Casapotes" Twenty years after One face down hole Of my father Road at dawn The work of spiders On my forehead Father and son in water Young veiled mother In the dark Peacock, Maguelone It's ultramarine blue feathers Sea to Sky The level drops Legs flamingos Longen Calligraphers at the temple Prayers for badgers Bristle donors Terrace to the south All shadows Feel anise After the storm Everyone, drool Even the snail Subway exit Corsican polyphony Phone On snow A small blue garbage bag Color of the sky Small town cafe Only strangers Get menus Cats, paws, crawling Across a lake's surface area Silent morning Croton hedges Their fall foliage with false South Florida in autumn Summer rain's gone The river Finds ICt's own channel His ash covers school desk All the remains 8:17 am, Hiroshima, local time Brush in hand Carefully, he 816 local time, Hiroshima Lighting the way With a jar of fireflies Last summer's childhood In the evening, coolness Of a verandah Reflect here,yes, stars After'night long' The singing of birds At dawn Wisp of clouds The slow spiral of debt In my espresso Gazing at the moon It was still summer's evening Feast for mosquitoes A careful sip Of chickpea, more than coffee His breakfast brew Chamomile petals Swimming in rainwater For her blond highlights A cooing is Heard From a small puff of feathers Reviews another dawn Small green waves crashing Contain has porcelain rim Morning tea tempest Faces from the past Their memories in old pictures Effaced by the flood Red poppies growing Entre rows of white tombstones As in remembrance Butterfly wings Their so loud flapping In a temple's Silence Sharp smell Afternoon downpour has Electric summer Just a small basketball Filled with hidden treasures She proudly caries Early morning, Dew Was Bronze Temple Bell? Just before ringing Breakfast still rumbles But no guns are other Heard Armistice morning He winds up His watch n Carefully That morning That will end the war Ordinary morning Bluest of skies, crisp, clear air Up to the shadows Mid morning coffee Sipped from a chipped mug old So comforting Reflects the mirror A face I know so well Dads A flagpole stands guard Before has flooded schoolhouse As a river runs Perched on a guardrail Of a busy highway Year egret preens He turns one last time His sailors flashing wry smile That bright November The War on Horror GIs on hashish kill Afghans for sports White roadside crosses Where the road meets, Nature's swale Memento Mori Sentinels of spring Kites bobbing for care Saucy winds in March Gleaners harvest moon Pale faces leaden eyes stare At an empty field Glassyeyed gutted Catch of the day we shaved ice At the fish market Neither white nor black A yellow smog That will not lift Alzheimer's pall Wildflower bouquet We left Country Highway The endless road Carefully, tea leaves Saved, dried and used again Hidden poverty There's a pelican En ce que ball of feathers tar Or it is a gull Among new lilies She waters the stone Buddha Just over the fence A constellation of stars Trucks and Unexpected guest A thought out cam Of nowhere Winter rain Where the sheets she slept? Grow colder Desert sand My sleeping bag under A full moon Giant moon! The bark of a dog echoes Over the fence Crystallous sky The pioneers left no clue Qui trail to take Willow, scent Hangs a kingfisher In the air Desert heat Smilies along the narrow road To the deep north Arizona Road rest, stop the dog sniffs Yellow snow A moth flutters Over the candle flame Damned fool Storm warning A street corner argument Many turns heads Falling stars From the sky Autumn Moon Summer ends Her pale freckles In dark tan How tenuous time now seems? Slipping away From my reach Funeral Sticked in an antique vase Bubble Autumn rains On the way to the old house New banks File Between my car stereo Two transmitters The last leaf His white breath dissolves In the garden Indian summer Takes the wheel Counter clockwise Summer afternoon The boy to school window Reads the clouds Whirling On the trampoline Cherry blossoms Spring rain Paint is peeling The garden gnome Falling leaf Fills the fading light Slow my room First date Close to each other To study the menu Sunrise From village to village Cockcrowing Dental practice In the waiting room, a row Yellowed chairs Memories The carbon black On the roof tiles Museum Hall Studying children Their echoes Early frost The cold side Of the bed December Rain Person view On a wall Reflection in the window His weeping face Thud of rain At the end of the day The shade of the oak cross The Village Street Asked about Le Monde [ Glasses] upside How tired? Thanksgiving Day Delicate aroma of turkey Sky scorched from Iraq Out of the Metro Face to face with the moon Return from work Full moon Above the skyscrapers It's midnight To November Troopers of death Five or six Day of Thanksgiving Bountiful harvest Bought cheaply The rising sun In frosted glass A star cluster Evening sky Some counting fireflies More than once After the storm An egret fording Darkness Smalltown Street Sunset and Moonrise At opposite ends Deep, deep, deep cold The lengthening pauses between Her words March morning Look, eastward Fukushima Cold sun In the parliament Their screams The silence Of the rain, April Partner after the shower Winter storm A drop through the window Drop by drop Autumn sun The footsteps of my father Slower A darkest point In the snow ultrasound Full autumn moon Full moon After the pumpkin soup More rounded belly In the fog My breath is lost The evening train On the bridge People hurry Summer rain Snowfall The tea bag sinks Slowly in water In my palm Her bigger breasts Winter sun December evening On the ultrasound screen As snow Twilight, winter The shadow of the scarecrow Beyond the scope Slowly Advance beetle June storm Full moon The shadow of her breasts Lands on me Back to School Still a bit high tide Near dunes Early March On the dog's carcass The first flies Low tide Quartered in the fort The corpse of a dog Sunset On the fourth glass The trace of a bird Around the Moon Slowly the fog Above crickets Watch the moon! Move behind the oak Summer Wind Calm water Two Swans, frolic Calm water Autumn freshness To feed a child Eighty years Saturday morning Under the cherry tree from Japan A pink puddle The Great Bear Moving on water? Spring rain Spring evening Because we quietly Near Violets Blue night Violets Invisible Tonight Disrupts a moorhen The Great Bear First snow A clueless teenager Died from an overdose New Moon Nothing on the lake The cry of the Moore Low clouds Listen, Snow Sleepless night Smells of apple pie My grandmother's kitchen Photo album Haiku Written on the subway Illegible Friday night The Office of Silence On my keyboard Partner after the fireworks He marvels At the moon Five am Behind the thick fog The smell of fresh bread In the mirror The look of love of mother For his daughter, who recites? On the neck The scent of her hands Drink greedily A pen in hand It has its drain And I it's strengths Like last year Cherry blossoms Heards buildings Open the window And smell the white lilac Hashed tonight (Raspsions) In the sand And then round in water Low tide and then high Moonless night A cereus cactus opens Blooms solstice Slightly gust Carp leap from pole To gulp the air Wind chill Under the monk's robe A naked monk Screen of pine White, silent glides We egret wings Sand through fingers A tracery of palms midnight, blue one Back and forth Slowly grinding ink The weight of my words Spring Nightfall Ink melts Stone over The rain In the yellow landscape September Lobster top With his eyes shaped buttons Fixed me August All singer's insects Day and night A bit of wind On my bare shoulders Smell of morning Summer morning Even green barley field Surroundeds the ruined Abbey Flowers Cut early On the pavement Moon Day A paper lantern floating Down river Tall grass Curbing with the nozzle flange Midday Vow of obedience High curved herbs In the harmattan Sap Fucking maple flank Frost cracks Red leaves The first to fall Porto tonight Zen garden Teles emerge from the sand Another dead soldier Full moon Missing two evenings To its roundness Her hair done Sheltered from the north wind Open grave It prolongs Blower computer The cricket Wait for morning The sun at the end of the branches Maple Children are Float colored lanterns Evening Hiroshima Summer solstice The longest days Shorter written Spring wind Stopped the flowers of Magnolia Nineteen years In the antique shop The bottom of the empty cabinet The rays of the sun Bow our heads Passing under the lilac Heavy snow The last note Before she boards the bus Cold winter morning Pass! Between the shade of the maple And the moon Nightfall Follow the war on screen Sleep without dream Last moon Before Irradiation Hiroshima Indian summer The neighbor's daughter, Sunbathes Their beside empty pool Amid war And rumors of war Reviews, another grandchild Beautiful orange butterfly On His shoulder lands Obivious A monkey Listens A son own breath Autumn rain Museum So hot the mummy Hoodies Summer rain Drops down the lily Leaf by leaf Sax night Dreams in B flat Entre? Thunder and lightning Zero Dental chair Construction noise Outside Memorial Day Year old couple rereads The Letter noon sun Someone playing scales We saxophone Spring flies Above my head buzz E flat Out of the fog A barn with white painted Butterfly's Memories of You Rice field in shadows September Moon Sami path Deepeven in snow The blind horse Spike year The old man's cane Left tracks Wild life A fly sticks In front of the TV Winter darkness Train runs last In the tunnel Clear sky Year old man sweeps Falled leaves Humid morning Has bee floats? In the fountain Autumn rain A tattooed man sells Permanent markers Last season The traces of the buttocks In seats Short night Not for March Intrieur And mosquito Traffic noise He refines His guitar Almost dawn A young girl Gathering eggs? Some passengers go Some passengers come Spring evening Dusk Songbird's voices Disappeared too Slide the wrong In haikus for Peace Almost full moon Puddled tram At each station A flowering tree Foggy morning I wash by hand My white scarf Passing dreams The night scented Washing soap with Day retreats A moth tangle In my hair The basket Crayfish escapes Thought for my son A little before dawn Still wind Good Friday Blood orange In pieces on the table After he left November The knife hits the vacuum Meringue Still night I sew a small tear Heartshaped Till October Armours to the thighs The son of the virgin Twenty years of marriage An orchid to another In cobweb Monday, Snow Not deleted Not the factor After the demo She draws the map His vegetable garden To cockroach In my rice bowl Unconscious of dawn February 4 Longer on the wall The blackbird Full moon In the fields Clock All white February That him or the moon Wrong me up Open knife The pages of a book of Haiku Autumn evening Foggy morning Near bushes smell White flowers Paper tired Your cool hands on my hips Four bedroom Alone tonight One drop after another Somewhere [Plot of ironing] In the skirt of summer Three pine nuts Wood entrance Debris, earthenware, toilet Under the wild roses in bloom Hague! The tip of the breast Between the thumb and index Cool, autumn Wondering what an ant Thinks? About after work Nap My hand on my breast The flight of clouds October morning On the red boat The heron Hang upside down The butchered deer Further snowdrops Rising Sun She draws her mouth In the back School Day Third In His bag, so heavy Ten times the silence Extreme unction The bellies gurgle Robin outside Door ajar Garlands are illuminated To second Winter morning Frozen blueberries My breasts so white rue Saint Honor Tumbled from nowhere Ginkgo leaf Fireworks Shout for joy at the sight The glowworm In the clouds A fish, I have not Seems before Juno Beach My body in the sea My mother to the edge Toothache Rooftop greenhouses Pigeons May evening Wild carrots, Exceed The horizon In the trash A copy of the World Still fresh January moon The thinnest skin Appears Red larch Blue grass Dawn In the skylight Tangled legs And snow Cloudless, full moon Five fingers, drumming Onadropofkidney Bloodred In the jaws of the grab Dahlia Ah, cricket The neighbors Ceased Playing Mahjong Under the hawk By the Holy Spirit A Dundhill Best Of Mac Donald Two red snails On fried Way to school Two cows, bear with horns The sun In the trench The World War It grows tall grass Falling rain Continuous noise Gray drops Hospital Night adds shadow It inside the dark Night rain If alternate colors Above the asphalt Water flowing Takes away my thoughts A flooded river In bucket of water Under the night sky Moon reflected A pagoda Elders in the woods Wind blow A Juliet In without glass headlights It has of a grass clump Walking floor Immersed in the frenzy Stanning vest Chocolate Licensor filling Warm shiver Pint of beer These drowns blissfully To fly Night Flight Silver of the Moon On the fuselage Moisty dead Crushed red flower On the wall On the sides Scratch that it screwdriver Many adhesives Fishbone It nose of cod Looks away Bouquet On the lower leaves A snail Recurve nail One sign in the wall Quadro Vecchio After the party Colored Garland Hanging on the wall Cat sleep With his gray fur Snow sky Schumann concert The voice of the rain I accompanied Towards the dawn Stridulates, guffaws Seagulls Winter night He squeaks Old Tram On Rails Field of flowers Still lingers in the air Smoke of burning Deserted square The market remains silent And they are only Gallos hand At sunrise From the East Liberation The carcass of Panzer It is now flourished Gives Gaza No tears, eyes Moon Winter The stillness of That did not have moth Reach the moon Late summer In luggage Autumn clothes Sweltering heat Chanterelles Under Moss Drunk on the beach The Moon for my sake cup Disappears The last light of day Purple Rhododendrons Dissolves in the dark Irises Bluer Her's in Peapers pressed Entre pages of a book I never read Wisteria Before blooming The end of rain Rain Falls from the trees Iris is the blue Winter Beach Three gray lines Of sand, sea and sky Last Rose It has the curly leaves Cold night Old letter A circle, Silver Inside the envelope Will Winter? I feel between two trains Passing From the box He makes a peep Golden star Night wind The road only A can Winter solstice Passing her Bends the candles, flame Bamboo depths In carp circles Your smile Cup of tea It is finally empty Smoke of incense Mist on the fields Just is glimpsed The loose crumbling It breaks the silence The Negra Lullaby There over the pier After the rain en laundry Waving In the blue sky Under the rain On the last step You turned Loaf of bread In a puddle Bum has fishing Night Flight On the wings of aircraft Moon strips Sunny day Finally on the pine A cicada Sky clouds Only aircraft Blow's engine Enough street Through the cat Tail wind Sound of footsteps Football has to a can Silence and then King in armor A mantle of snow On his shoulders Ghetto in the morning Lined up cold "Against the wall In the twilight Burn the moths Lamp Like every night The voices in the street Lilac Flower Instant messages Moon Reveals, blackberries Each night of herself Ash Wednesday Try trying to remember My dream Japanese quake This godless spring Terrorist Speaking To her ashes Entre summer moons Snowy morn Reviews pouring another cup Of black coffee Low sun The lady in red One high heels Tarn In a bubble The ice Humid day Her shirt refuse To dry Short night An egret standing Knife deep in mud Memories Whilst in a tea cup Autumn Moon Moon viewing Just me and Spider Tonight Winter Ennui Coming down with a slight Touch of clouds Red sky Our boat flag frayed By 20 summers Autumn chill [Slightly] Chimes From our oldest clock Evening sky Over fallen petals A dark rose Spring evening An old love letter From my husband Inching up On the rainwashed Euclalyptus Rising Moon Low tide The smell of a waffle At the Waters Edge The brand of salt His dress pants [man] Down Frozen silence January lake The O of a carp High tide The edge of the salt At the foot of pants With a big pencil The price Strawberry Portage Trail Walked Where I walk, Travelers Ancient granite Worry! The route of your nose On glass [Hearing] After sand galleries Our hands are joined Bedridden Between the pages of his book A golden butterfly Mass is over The smell of incense perfumes Chicken market Snow sky Buy a carrot For man Newspaper The tips of the beans On the Obituary An island Glossy swiped Under the door Back to School In the hundreds Dead Bread and butter The baker, finally Sseated In the miror An earthy taste In mouth Opening fishing Fancy lures Wrestling branches too At table It crumbles bread Blackbird's eye Army museum German helmets Attached By the window A blue like that Our armchairs Balm To the source In the rain Intermission The death of the first act Serves beers The snow outside In the house books All the Colours Internet A spider in my glass Wake! All heaven For the Sunday painter Before the storm Short scale His son tells the puddles After the rain On stone Two dates and a core Hopscotch Sunset They get up table To watch In the hall Open umbrellas Upside down Presbyopic This big fish in the stall Since yesterday Old book History of allergies Sneeze At the waters edge The first bikini Blackhead, Gull Hypermarket Leek smell The radius perfume Carnival Cross on the stairs Spiderman Winner of Bouquet She would have given The big blond Low tide Night owls left Chips on the carpet Broken bus shelters Supermodel escapes Glass fragments Armistice It polishes the lion Bronze Repair Reduced from Versailles Nail in the sole Low tide A crab in the castle My son Bouquet of flowers Filed against a tree In the rain Button vest Little noise on the asphalt Moon'so close Over the house The same cloud that year Almost Mom With the slant in her back And the sail in her hair Baby, two months In the forest Everything is new to me Mandala Monk, glance To his watch My kid's room Slow movements of a ladybug Covered in dust Cloudy day Daffodils Heads down April city Piss and Apple Bluffs Chiaroscuro Windmills, Brew The Halo of the Moon Closed buds The rain Is beating? Sunset Two lonely poplars Lean toward the East Yellow, daisy Rocked by the wind Stormy sky Before the storm On the bitumen Boiled petals, hibiscus Herons beak key His image On the water surface Gray night On the glass shade A straw star November 1 While slowly, Butterfly Is her sun spot? Last leaves red A butterfly takes flight Close to the Earth End of September Grinded through the sheet The blue sky A breeze The leaves fall On the petals District Airport Under the streaks that fade Flying heron? Autumn Night In blue light A yellow rose White dew On the clover Moon day The cold wave Sharp edges Of halfpipe Last day of the year Traces of sleds, rusty In the snow yesterday Spike September Slow fall of a leaf "Against the black trunk Sun behind the cloud A small hot pumpkin In my palm Muffled sounds Seconds wings Druet! The Danube flows In the direction of the blade A white boat Cool morning Ball chestnut Well closed The trough and crest Bump against the rocks The sky after the storm The sea is calm A butterfly flutters Above the rocks Not bloomed yet The field of sunflowers The nearly full moon Lime Quarter An ice cube collapses Over jazz As she yells Stillness Of the ficus Divorce proceedings Our bed gets bigger And bigger Silently day Becoming night In this childless house Rectory roofers Their ladders Take them higher Summer cabin The ants Do the dishes Lagoon at sunrise The shadow Chases its pelican Barcen trees Even the tiniest twig Embraced by the mist Windfall apples Bees tango To a waltz That foghorn bawl Calf separated From its mother Spray art The cherry knows No bounds Cold night The escalating heat Of my old notebook Fly fishing My thoughts Untangle Arrows of Geese The puppy chases Leaves on the wind Absently choking On a sliver of lemon Neartotal eclipse Twilight A full moon Between fractured branches At the Tulip Festival She holds a bouquet Of dandelions Random rain splatters On the sidewalk Polka dots Yukon, hike Water sloshes to the beat Of the bear bell Spring rain The dog's coat, finer Than mine Winter solstice A furlong of a dream Curbs inside me Autumn sky Swaying wheat field 'String the wind' Blue Sky Morning The hospital huffs The only clouds Stilllife, Lilies Residents sitting In the nursinghome lounge Year's end Only the sound of mouse clicks From every desk High tide Wild BlackBerry canes Overtake the shore Ocean swim Not knowing what's Underside me Stocking Enough to the toe The spray of citrus Autumn's last month Still awaiting My inheritance After the rain Only a few petals left With the rose Enough restaurant All the tables Candlelit Spring again A songbird's paean At dawn Rolling thunder The bass on the car stereo Passing by A line of gulls Fencing the shoreline Unbroken sun Tax time A gnome hunches over his desk In the garden A whiff of jasmine As she unties her hair Hind of rain Pausing to ponder The dragonfly On my pens point A better day The sink ant granted A reprieve Contract signed The wind catcher Twirls to the right All night drive The moon goes full And past River Eddy The ripples of fish Catching twilight insects Clever car Nothing works But the horn Jamun Tree The stains of summer On my lips Light pollution The fireflies flickering Out Morning lights An egret cluttering Yesterday's foot prints Knife deep in heather The purple scent Of summer Earl Of barley Creed Moon Morning A busy spider weaving Leaf to leaf [Hovering] Over summer clouds Moms, lullaby Still, Pond A crooked coconut tree licks It's own image Undercurrents The snapping turtle Surfaces Deep noon A squirrel chases a tree Shadow Washing day Sheets, Billow 'String the breeze' Midnight Moon The violet of violets Almost black Hotel Rust A chime of finches In the rafters Passing train Sturbe light of the setting sun On the hedges Mountain haze The remains of my dream In fading blossoms Hangman The snapped branch Of the silver birch Cyan Lake A fishing net catches The first light Long drive Smell of fresh tea breaks The mist In the blue A white swan Rising Receding waters The sea unseals A thousand puddles The slickness Of the otters back Night rain Jasmine blossoms The farmer returns with Fishy dreams Rippling! The breeze arrives And retreats Falling mist Touching the spaces Between falling leaves From both sides Of the border Cockcrow Csection A lark hatchling beaks The full moon New moon Footprints circling The winter apple Why should a fiddlehead? Becoming a fern Flower Moon Midwinter The heart of Sweetbox Through an open gate Poolside palms The play of shadows All day long Broken twigs Short end of Wishbones Among the tombstones First snow From the Jays beak A full moon rises Courting cats A pane of glass Between them Out of the canyon Out of the blue A flute Paper boat Cradled by the sky Cradling the sky New moon The Wolves Howl Within themselves Galahs A deeper shade of pink Sunrise A pelican turns Divers and surfaces Creed Moon Autumn afternoon The cat's eyes follow Each falling leaf What if? Around the pigs snout Green butterflies Winter blessings Snowflakes One by one Lime cordial The tinkle of ice Forty years ago Warm breeze Caught on the grass One dragonfly wing Autumn rain The birdbath fills Drop by drop Old Fire Pit Moss grows Where there were songs? Coffee shop Our family stories Darkly roasted Outdoor patio The Hummingbird into The flower tattoo First of October Clipping peppers In the evening rain Rain shower From the gutters Crickets soaking in Mozart A purple cactus flower On the windowsill Winter Kinglet Learning the yes and no Of each branch Draughty, sill The dead moth Back on its feet A quiver In the folk singer's voice Dappled sunrise Mild winter Cloaking the creek Tundra Swans Sultry air The Marsh grass Overtakes the path Drawing near The loons call still sounds From Afar It selects the M To build its nest (Castin) Roadside Tree Ribbons streaming From the bend Thunder carry The long, slow slope To the valley Fingers burning I take my blues Higher Dead of winter I was where I am When the snow began Last rays of sun Crows suddenly Goldwinged Her last year at Primary school The wren's tail Shuttlebusdriver Our daily conversation About the lottery numbers Falling through A metal net City Moon Anniversary Of my father's death Leaves falling off a mountain Eventide Crows, find the last piece Of blue sky On the edge of town An outfield Keeps on going Graduation Day Cool breeze, stirring Dresses and leaves Will pay anything The medal collector Who missed the war? Inlaw's coming The dog knows how To play dead Snow melt The barn owl Gleaves across the moon On the underbelly Of the falcon The dawn's pink light In the snow Footprints going away Her last gift Heat haze The call of doves From the Oaks Morning escapes Through newly empty air Acorns Adrift In a fishbowl Stray Moon Warm sand We leave our impressions Behind Dusk Moths doze On my window Clouds cling To the mountain Stories you try to forget Cool nights The morning glorys Delicate purple Dying in and out Of the overcast sky Creed Moon Days end My daughter asks For the moon Dawn A sudden beating of wings "Against my window October What flowers are left? Lir down Thanksgiving Huddled on cold asphalt Gulls with no necks Urban Rainbow The factory chimneys Glow gold! Low tide A band of surfers Compare scars Late night special The postman rings A broken bell Florida Springs The brown chameleon Turns green Watch repair All the clocks still set To standard time Summer rain On the clothes line Down feathers Old railway tunnel Still hearing the sound? Of birdsong Hotel entrance We reexamine The stars [ monkey puzzle] Coiled in the heart Of the garden, maze A tiny branch The Hummingbird keeps time To summer rain Pale sun flickers Across the Buddha's face Pulse of crickets The cry of a nightbird How slowly a rose opens? In darkness Trays of canaps At the picnic Crows Long summer night Pale through the fire The rising sun Lambs ear The softness Of summer rain Work day's end The chimney smoke curls Between raindrops First day alone Coyote tracks In the sand Last breath of fish In the seagulls beak Broken sand dollars Frogs outdo The church choir Evensong Lazy afternoon The slow circles Of a redtail hawk Family dinner So many forms Of silence Lightning flash The dog's silhouette Also, trembles Remembering? The Costa Rican sun Clink of ice cubes At the burial Grieve pauses For the mockingbird Table tennis Father and daughter Both win Live fish in the restaurant We choose Tofu Purple magnolias Linging! Twilight Class reunion Everyone else's Ring fingers This morning, autumn In the husks Of sunflowers Frost sliding On glass Trifocals Arms flung wide The laundry Remains to the wind Sunset The heron steps out Of his shadow The countdown Somebody else's New Year's Kiss Waking To the hum of the furnace Winter Dawn Haloed lights In a snowcovered parking lot Hometown visit An albatross dips Below the waves Gale force swell Knife wind My white breath Stoled Besides the graveyard Train parked On the tracks Spring melt A sheet of snow Punched with crocuses Midsummer Storm A herd of dairy cows Huddle together Cherry smoke On the mantel nail Her white dress Day, drizzle Scrubbing the rainbow Inside the pot First warm day The melancholy face Of the TV dials Ripening sky Another slow turn Of the cider press Ki 3 2, 1 2012 Ss Moving day Inside this matchbox A cicada shell Autumn Sunset In the brown field A red tractor Morning, Hague The voice from the dash Relocating Friday's dusk He brings home Dark chocolate Thunder The stray dog Barrows This winter night Slowly unfolding First star Deep autumn The halfnaked birch Fully yellow Overcast day The lamp posts Filled with snow Condolences I choose the card Without words Yet another bug Buzzes the zapper Whiskey Moon Morning fog The distance Between boat and shore Drizzly field The rattle of a tractor Wades in the fog Cutting The last rose stem Woodsmoke Purple Lightning Irises In bloom The fat cat Sits halfway home Squash blossoms Pine slabs Dovetailing together Carpenter's hands Switchback Alpine Aster All in bloom Cold snap The sharp bite Of a radish Sparshswars From the sitar Jasmine breeze Flea market A monkey's paw Under glass Stormlight The Magnolia Bursts into flower 'Like at dusk Waiting for the company Of fireflies Spring rain The lips and throat Of the iris Linging! In my sleeping bag Campfire smoke Autumn weeds The orb spinners Warp and weft 'Dealing' A field map of summer Butterfly Pushing her lips together To form the sound Frogs Afternoon stillness My neighbors, Chimes announce the breeze Night rain The fainter sound Of the ocean Hazy Sunset The weight Of a ripe peach First, crush Apple branches Nearly touching Butterfly House We're all Six again Open atlas The continental drift Of clouds Lightning's'Plat Oak' What would I be? In another time Removed snow In the Junipers shadow An old suet cage White sky A cloud of blackbirds Erupts from an oak Milky way The way the cow path Rings a hill The arch Of her foot Feather shedding moon Record heat A song, Thrush Beats "Against the tomato cage" Shortcut home Wiking my shadow Through stormtoppled trees Humming, fridge The quiet thoughts Of a robot Easter morning A rapture of Hawks squalls Beyond the scud Monsoon Grckle stepping Through raindrops Apologies Cutting the bruise From the apple Iconic wind A shiver In the Blackbird's song Halloween Witches on brooms Come up the escalator Woodland The silence Of history Weeping willow Her golden hair Once blew that way Autumn winds Campaign signs Shifting positions His oil paintings So unlike mine Passion fruit Swaths of grass Curl across the yard First Snowman Sleet The windchimes Unknown tune 50 years slip away Lacing up Old skates Medieval city A construction crane Touches the sky New home Another child's handprints In the driveway Branch by branch A squirrel climbs The Oaks shadow Outdoor artist The color of the dog Besides him Morning frost Lifting white socks higher The neighbour's cat Summer dusk The sound of high heels From the backyard December, dusk I will never visit My grandparents birthplace Sunrise Performing what I imagine Tai Chi to be Not getting the whole story This ladybug On my page Carrying on? As if nothing had happened Dogwood in bloom Morning frost Invitation to a white Wedding Hot afternoon The shoe seller kicks a butt In the canal Pebbled beach No sound skips In the new year Starry night Pills snug In their bottle Twilight The scent of clover In her hair Mountain View We speak In whispers Tall ships The rifted sky Closes opens In the shade Of a towering oak Acorns dropping A grackle, not as black As the memory of Grahames A river of corn lilies Divides the meadow Yellow Butterfly High tide The taste of salt On your lips Under the voices Of summer birds Raven Muggy sunrise The brown spider crawling Up the web Green shoots In the cherry tree's shade Last year's cherries Midsummer quiet The cascading shades Of mountain ridges A gap In the leaf shadows Summer Moon One tree without buds Last year's Enough nest Creed Moon My old knees Creak up the stairs Another Dead camera battery Dying peonies Morning heat A swallowtail drifts In the blue Cherry Bush Drooping with fruit Sparrows and finches One vanilla scoop Moon rising over the Brooklyn Bridge Winter slump Wearing out the fabric? Of my easy chair Framed In the kitchen window Venus rising Easter incense The prayers I never learned In Latin [ shoveling snow] A wind gust halos The street light One white sail On the horizon Silence between waves Tracing the fades Of the spring river The wagtail's tail Sundown The slap Of a beavers tail Clouds racing A sundog Disappeareds Iris Garden The sisters pose In purple dresses Hangover! An empty beercan Fills with rain Bus stop The conversation takes A strange turn The fireworks The constellations Summer heat The weight Of late sunlight Peach boughs Father's Day Picking up? The same broken shells Power failure Watching the moon? Instead of TV Outside goodwill A new pair of old jeans And the blue sky Balancing On a blade of grass Nightfall January Cat turns on The electric blanket Evening fog The crack of a home run From the ball park Main Street A sign points the way To the cemetery Chipped nail polish The red Of a leaf falling Halfempty bottle Whiskey trembles At a touch Fireworks Home from the war My uncle flinches Autumn damp Old leaves composting In the back lot [ empty bleachers] A sparrow takes a dust bath Behind home plate Walking in flipflops On top of the leaves Indian summer Rainy day The street musicians Enough tip box Poverty No matter where you go The moon No exit sign The door scuffed With boot marks Silently trees "Against a hazy moon End of vacation Full moon Lemon slice floating In my teacup Black Elder Shakes its shadow loose Early snowfall Snow melt A puddle Of lost mittens West Coast sky The cat dreams Of catching eagles Beachside After iced tea His cold cold kiss Manhattan Bus doors, clossse With a hisss Doctor's rounds A frantic search For her good teeth On the railing A leaf hopper studies My pen Wading? Out into the creek Water lilies Grandma's coffee table The yellow green orange Of old jelly beans Dawn Chorus The sky surrendering It's indigo Through a slice In the sunset sky New moon Chinook's in [Wrinking Snowman] Loses face Veterans Day Removing his prosthetic arm At the airport Old camp road Plumes of dust, eddy In the heat Snowflake The moment before it melts His smile Knife deep snow Hitting all the way To the mailbox Strolling policeman Even the spider hides Behind the bench Back from war The soldier cleans His room Day Moon The call of a goose From the South Bank Twilight Lake A solitary loon dives In itself Alight Bend pivot, shudder, flutter Bye Open air stage In the moon's spotlight A dancing moth Small town Idling at the red light Horse buggy Winter Beach Two herring gulls dip In sunrise River Sunset Above my head, a circle Of buzzards New selfknowledge A sinkhole to the right Of the path Outdoor theatre Watching the crow Watching the play Midnight thunder Zigzag lines cross the sky The crack in my mirror Blending With ice fog My breath The wind through Wild plum blossoms Deeper breath Ice cream basketball [ subway] Not fast enough For oneday weekends Time enough to read This One second added Shape of the afternoon A dog shakes It's checkered coat Snow Angel The shadow Of a raven's wing January, thaw We are speaking Again Winter ball Instead of her hand I kiss her mitten "Furth Moon" Even my dreams [Elevated] Then Smell! Of snow Not yet, winter The Ptarmigan Already white Summer apples dangle Up down side to side Life before the fall Dream Of a lost moon Snow light She checks short dress Long hair in the window Backhoe driver concentrates Tails of two balloons All they take With them City lights The distance Between us Picking sea, Holly The sky Just as blue Weather girl The low front rolling in Matches her outfit Spring day Flowers I've never seen December sky A Jay's voice Shrill Blue Only thing, Blacker Than Raven's wings, eyes dark Enough to steal the sun Old Rosary The diary Of her hands Going the wrong way Down the street A mockingbird Losing track of place On patchwork quilt Despite dropped crumbs Insert perceptive Seventeen syllable verse Without humor here A small hand Reaches for the stars Moon bounce Valentine morning Time to release The lovebirds In an old diary Between pages Withered Rose Hospice visit The daffodil stems In a clear vase Earsts delicate Turning of acorn? I almost kiss you Waning Moon! On her mourning dress A white pacifier The wet kleenex snow Blob on the sidewalk holds her "Endless Small Handprint" Still sky No birds, no breeze Morning after the war Daylilies My son's face Finchkled orange Slightly rainstorm The dog shakes off Each drop White Kimono Often confused With nine hundred count, Percale "Emerging alarm" Trees raise their hands Toward the sky Cupidal snug plays Solitaire eats like you would Load a pellet gun Rocking chair Sits in the attic Counting years Deep shadows I play hide and seek With the sun Pipe leaking A way to get to know New neighbors Watching a sunset In black and white The colorblind man First dew touch Shoutly, the lily unfolds Her petals She's plucking eyebrows From the wall mirror like an Escher drawn Escher Spring breeze Smell of flowers and Starch This longest night Knitting the baby's blanket? In socks Bottoms in the air A line Of missing ducks Half moon Dogs bark above The factory noise What wind finds you here? Beating shadows, coins, tapping Songs for an alley Growing sideways In the deep forest A single birch Skeletons of the Aspen Snowflakes dance The winter away Sipping green tea From a styrofoam cup Stomach in knots The blueeyed cat gone Was it coyotes? Or that flock of big ravens? Freeing the ego Doesn't mean abandoning Your love of peaches Clank of iron Two butterflies ascend In their mating dance Black cars drive themselves ' suits, wind flutters, pages me Heard in my clothes Curbs of smoke Rise from my coffeepot The soft patter of rain Drifting With the snow A plastic bag A silver scimitar New moon slices Night Blue Sky Rabbits at market Their furs pulled off like mittens Shiny newborn limbs Little windfall apples Cartoon, cherry bombs That went pfft Frost on morning glass Winter's gentle face voices [Whisper through windows] On both sides Of the cemetery fence Wild flowers And there lies the ocean So grey and deep A bobbing yacht I fill the feeder Chicago sings We are grateful The dust of two towers Is slowly obscured by smoke From a thousand towns Prickly Pear Hidden in golden grass Still green and holding A sunflower field Millions of tiny faces Slighting in daylight A soft whisper of breeze Dandelions gently sway Fleeting time Small bird On a cattail Not singing Night walk full moon Steel rails, Glen To vanishing point Over the Hayfields A barn owl floats searching Ok, I'll listen too Between the trees Swoop of coloured wing and feather And hammock song of summer His face Next to mine Whiskers Purple scented air [ hovering over the lilacs] Transient moment "Admite, hug" The blue of the Forget me, not's Clay on the wheel Deep breath Reaching for the centre Budding romance Between them on the porch swing A just opening rose An hour's walk And getting nowhere The treadmill Skin against my palm You trace translucent road maps Read cartographer He shows me his tattoo The tree shadow On the sidewalk Strong breeze Clouds sweep by The top of the tree Curbing up When problems arise Armadillo Spring recital Mozart on the piano keys Bird warbles at the window Left in the closet An umbrella forgotten Rain cloud emptying The sweat dripping drip Ping into your eyes like tears For all my efforts Sleeping in His side of the bed Still warm Roots of the dead spruce Reach out bony fingers Secret life exposed Spring break Crocus pokes its head Through the melting of March Radiant heater A cat by the window Purrs Echoes of sunset Your upturned face, a canvas Splashed watercolor Exchange Of wedding vows The incoming tide From treeshadow to Led pools startled, Koi paint Brush lines on water We will miss you Farewell, Mr Vonnegut I laughed wept Bowl of tomatoes First hint of ripening Early dawn glow Glasses on table Grandpa passed in June Only two months away Smile, amphibian Servile Fly Crowning frog Prince Order among thieves Plane ticket to France Like a fuck thou ode to you If I had the balls Grinde, white pubic hair Sign of fleeting time old age Now at the ready Bursts over belt loops Designer brand across her ass Guess what your weight? To touch be touched Is everything worth wanting? Yes, there and yes that Mountains but not stone White sculptures too pure for hands I break like a wave A photo is all We have of our rendezvous Between here and there Snow on the ground Streetlamps are on At four o'clock Still white cityscape Belies fury of last nights Edward Blizard Luminescent lures Draw them close to its dark mouth The nightclub swallows Lightning, eyes, flashing And your face, darkens and clouds Thunder comes after Quick steps on hard wood A racing heart Shadow hips Winter is a birth Of lofty expectations For the next season Elton John sings A Texas love song as First snow falls Time flows freely like Water in a river No Dam can hold it back Dusk rain surrenders Bright clouds bleed, a warred Kurosawa sky Graying sky soaring A roof above the heads of Mortal creatures beneath In the hour of Foxes Shadows slip and slink around Edges of perception flesh gnaws at its chains Tainted souls dance in rubble Relieves murmur in the skin Favourite photos on the wall Remind me of who I am But who the fuck are they? Iridescence Painting colour in the moist air Clouds weeping prisms Falls blaze of folly Deposits rich red blood cells On winters, bare bones Freshly shaved legs And washed my sheets today Going to bed, bliss The smell of wet earth Streetlight halos in the rain Yukatta raincoat No washrooms anywhere Crouching behind a tree I can hear everything now Worrying in whiskey? She left again And keeps leaving Burned trees among The fading living Reminding Coffee with Buddha I talk about my worries His dickass smile Broken umbrellas Young women's hatsflattened Cormorant weather Corner store Spiders built a web Across the butterfly nets Creed Moon Still, I turn my gaze back To the muddied path Good night, fair city Your belly button sex drive Makes me fucking sick Trying to tune in A song of the soul, but my "Reception is bad Not willing to leave This imperfect nest, this bird Has so much to learn Water into wine Every time you look at me My girl parts get drunk Starling's gossip Amused at our lovemaking The quivering limbs Winter chill Around the windy corner Surprise full moon midnight Bats are diving "It's hot", she says Whiskey and cigars Perfect companions for this Mountainous refuge Spring football players Pop and hustle grunting Yearless fatter Alone tonight How blue? The moonlit iris The clouds open up A halo of rain downpour Your lips glistening Bagpipe gone, astray Welcome home from purring cat The best elixir Curvaceous woman Vibrates at the edge of you A dark sultry lie Dying oil worker Bedded now and filled with tar Counting his regrets Meditation class He begins by contemplating The blonde's navel Paul McCartney A conspiracy theory He's really a douche Me and my best friend Smoke rollies behind garage Think our moms won't know Shopaholics wet Leather jackets protect well River ice creaks loud Disused Bridge Mist flows Over the river Driving home? The rainbow Arrives there before me Changing our sheets Cherry blossom Drifts to the floor Camping ground The cries Of other people's children Leaving your home? Kokhai Flowers Flick off my windscreen Round and Round and round The moon Lamplight A moth zigzags Between stars Benefit cuts Her letter to Santa Goes unanswered Spring Moon She rethreads my dead Nana's pearls Where soldiers? Once slept and died A spider's home Replacing to his letter The paper cold "Against my hand West Coast holiday A ponga frond Unwinding Old pines Each one leans Apart Walking over pebbles Her pocket Grows heavy Sunday morning A dog sniffs the base Of the goalpost On a diet She devours Recipe books Green light A small spider darts Across the windscreen Piercing cold A kea calls Through the mist Children's voices The ducks Swim closer Visiting my ex The dog licks My face "Very wind" Barley heads sweep In a Mexican wave First white butterfly My cabbages Not yet planted Moonlight The stream flows from shadow To shadow Road to the beach Wave after wave of blue Hydrangeas Silver frost A pigeon wing tilts To the rising sun Jagged Mountains A harrier hawk Hangs in the air Offstreet parking Cabbage Tree fragrance Fills the spaces Frost shimmers The distant mountains So close Last sun The footprints over the dunes Filled with shadow Morning shallows The wading birds All conjoint Low tide I walk to you Across the sky All this way In your letter That cigarette smell Checking the map The road disappears In a fold Weather forecast Searching the sky For an isobar Autumn morning Clearing the misty window To see the mist Lemon blossom Accidentally picked Parfums the whole room Grandson's visit We compare notes On his parents Fish and chips night First home The smell Enoughing the mousetrap The tiny drop Of blood Gravestone Under the weeds We will not forget In the dark part Of her wardrobe A snout eyes Summer rain Finding chocolate frogs At the back of the shop Each streetlight With its own rain (clock of Mahjong tiles) Slicing papaya The swing Of her black pearls First dance The moon In her hair Waitangi The parson bird Sings a different song Family photo box How my father smiles? In black and white Raindrops And the sound Of a shoe being unlaced "Bloomy tea, my teeth" Leave indentations In the polystyrene cup To write as simply As you pick A single blade of grass Each day, less light The smell of printers ink On the morning newspaper First snow The eyes of the sparrows Sharp and bright During the rainstorm The child's colouringin' Becoming more intense Winter's end A folded poem Stops the window rattling The storm passes Sundance On the back of a sheep Red Red hibiscus It's stamen casts A purple shadow The old broom Scrubs away Bits of itself A raindrop Riding a spider's thread Leaf tip to leaf tip Aquajogging The instructors, Toenails Malformed blue Artillerie The dog chews An old bone [CLOCKleaders] The synchronized bounce Of ponytails End of a stalk The caterpillar climbs A ladder of air Fallow Field The frosted shadow Of a scarecrow Landing in her lap A scroll of bark From the Euclalypt Losing track Of my thoughts, the flight Of a butterfly My mouth Full of fingers, the dentist Asks about holidays Sunny day Butter melting On sweet corn cobs Bringing This sky inside Breath! Heat of the night The folded stillness Of a rescued moth Pear blossom Where the old white horse? Used to stand Approaching summer The paths of the cattle Through the dew New Moon and Star Just the slightest curve Of her belly Surf, mist The salt of a grief Without tears Frolicking In the disused cow pond Two dragonflies End of summer term Students duties removed From the whiteboard On the battlefield I find half a button Slimed with Moss Gathering Storm The scent of lavender Across the fence Chinese busker The notes of his bone flute Carried on the wind Ghost town The empty highway In the hills Under my hand Slow sweep Of a horse's mane First, frost The camper van On blocks Gloomy day The farmer's motorbike light On the flooded field Summer Dawn The runners footsteps Past the window Above ancient Fortifications Transmitting antenna After your Telephone call The rain Just the retrievers (snay above the stick) Flight of wading birds Wronged ship Besides the memorial A starfish Midnight thirst Drinking from cupped hands? A moth's closed wings In her bedroom All her lovers Only photographs On the front lawn Trying to fly his kite The wind won't Tartan, umbrella My own bright roof In the alleyway Hurting me more The departure Of my son's lover Sheltering also This sandfly On my hand Southerly Storm We give the old ewe a hand With her last triplet Shallow girl in the doorway Impaled on ranks Of friendly eyes Strewn on the road A sixpack of beer And a teddy bear Adventure playground Grandma is stuck In the Fort's entrance Wedding photo Towering over the groom The bride's son Whilst Round the Jetty's end Marigolds and a condom Harvesting pears All the street's children Arrive to help Moon eclipse Meeting our shy neighbour For the first time Tea with motherinlaw Condescension Clouding the view Washing? My mother's breasts We both giggle Climbing motuara A saddleback, darts Under my breath After the storm The garden flooded With light Family Christmas Sharpening All the knives The fields of Flanders The rich red Of the cemetery gates Waiting at the airport The beaming smile Someone else's husband [Wrinking snow] From the cowshed The tang of silage Christmas Eve The merry flashing Of brakelights Lawyer's office She adds three kisses To the divorce settlement Mountainside The train climbs its own Sound Circus dwarf So high above his hand The red balloon Wedding ring worn thin She kneads dough In autumn sunlight Attic dust Finding my mothers Steps In The empty billboard frame The whole mountain Past the manikin The girl with the same Pout! Dusk Up to my ears In Birdsong Bing house porch A lone male Lights up Lost tour bus Between fences In Landscape Road Hissing line to China Your reply's Delay! Amish joke Oldstyle stringbase bed Only for unwanted guests Carter polishing hooves Crouches out Of camera shot Admires the new handbag On the window, sill Then Rangitotos Fuji New moon More brilliant than the colour Of my lamp lit hair Again, imagining drifts On a stream through Bridge shadow Silver paper glints Her death's anniversary Origami Cranes Wooted Circle Measured in the snow By a dog's chain Shifting house Hokusais Rolled up on the floor Friends, dog Shakes the Avon River All over our lunch A little frown On my wife's face Unpeeled chestnuts Bright winter day Tattood man takes a child's hand Across the street The little girl Lifts her eyebrows Orchid scent The wind dies Wet paint Smudged on glass Xmas, Lilies On the white tablecloth Child licks the bowl Mountain track The marks of it On his wedding ring Wind over water So easily the cormorant One to the other Better than ever In my neighbour's garden My old roses Yard Yard Cricket Dad and I pick up The kitchen window Midday, shimmer The elderly umpire Closes one eye Tea break A sparrow at point fossicks Among the seedheads Bouncing ball Beating the giggling boy Down the zigzag Winter morning The lame goose lagging a little Behind its gaggle For tonight enough The stars The black sky Catching the rainbow On a floating thread A newborn spider Gentle touch A grasshopper's feet Crossing my own Distinct foghorns Long cries Of the seabirds The cat's fur Bringing in The smell of the hayfield Old man's stick on the path Chip Chip Chippchippchipp Lilac flowers so fleeting Yet so loved In spring, they're everywhere Prize, Chrysanthemum You have written your own haiku You don't need mine Macrocarpa Shade Longens over the hillslope Autumn afternoon [Stacking Firewood] Smell! Of the old forest Watch out for stings When eating wild honey Or reading Haiku? Between breaths Following the white Of this butterfly Drifting evensong Pine needles cloistered In fresh snow Heartsick The floxgloves of my childhood Out of reach First Winter's Day I slip into His gumboots Coming home To an empty house So many stars Winter afternoon One empty space In the library, Carpark Navigatoring These country roads The curl of her hair Day Moon Hoof prints, litter The beach track Heat shimmer A heron drinks From the horse trough Sunsoaked sky Trying out the wisdom Of beach glass Summer heat Overripe plums spill In a bowl Lamp light Buddhas features Flicker! As she turns to leave My mother's Girlish smile Talk of suicide Mother and daughter On the way home On an embankment Three Chinese Gather chestnuts Shorter days Wizened grapes Cling to the vine A man alone On a porch Smoke unfurling Voices of India From a kitchen window Smell of curry Autumn tide The geese changing shape Over an old wharf After lambing [Woman] With trailers Late evening An approaching star Becoming a helicopter Ducklings File across the road Cars scatter Shooting season The village pond Lively with ducks Driving behind a school bus Pupils signal With their fingers Almost spring Snowflakes Weep on my shoulder A blind man fishing Seagulls Loot his bait box Winter camping Footprints end At the yellow snow Health Centre Aquarium At the bottom A dead goldfish Going through customs A chef The sniffer dog pauses On the parched earth Hawk's shadow Warplanes over Iraq Putting on weight The onewalkaweek dog From Paekakariki On the deck Aversed dog biscuits And a marble Your tears at the airport Now it's raining In la Divorced poets Share The same page Your freedom Costing us The Earth Minutes silence Through the loudspeakers Children's voices Our last day Together First, Daffodil After the storm A fallen pine First flower on the kowhai Tapping The boatshed wall A boat A giant rimu falls Within an hour Rain Years later Off the pier The same few boys fishing Exjunkie Two bags In his teacup In the stillness A neighbour shovels Gravel Op shop Pepper grinder Even has pepper Shadows On the chess board Becoming fewer City dump A little boy finds An old speech bubble An ambulance Fades with the distance Sometimes crowded lift No raising Of eyes Tonight As you left Only half a moon Postal box Leting go That letter Kite string Unwinding The wind Chemotherapy Putting on a brave face As she loses her hair Canterbury, Norwester The cat stretched Under the geraniums Formal dinner The forgotten savour Of Etiquette Nativity scene Angel Waving to Grandma? Riverbank Lined with hats WhiteBay season South Road Crossings on a fence Where a family ended? Nobody home The Evangelists Talk to the dog First love The secret her face Tells everyone Late walk Beach and Moon The same curve All the notes In the Skylark's song Sky Blue Sandflies Tiny bits Of Buddha Summer ice The shopkeeper Bangs his scoop Magnolia Shade Cigardas In both ears Vieve auction No one bids For the sparrows Every morning Waiting for the Kingfisher? Bare branch of the Euclalypt If not for the shadow On the canyon wall I would have missed the condor Clouds Channing clouds The scent of lemon All the way down Freewheeling through Cicada song Adult walk A skip In the child's step This wide sky In the grass A thrush's broken egg Night Storm Her waters Break! Twilight A tui mimics A tui Exposure The Tuatara stares At the class Cold wind Every oystercatcher Headless Cathedral Tour The locals Keep praying Daybreak The baby's first cry Worried by thunder Old dance floor The piano ivories Lifting Hurricane The taste of rain From a barrel Daguerreotype My infamous ancestor In diapers Clouded moon The sound of her slip 'hiting the floor' Childhood home Someone else's mother On the mantelpiece High Desert I'm surrounded By a fly Terminal She skirts The word Neighbours cat The cicada in its teeth Keeps singing Wooted Garden Her puppy Brings it in Bulldozer! A yellow caterpillar In its tracks Bright moon Light years Between starfish Teenage daughter Beyond the policeman at the door The street light After the game Full moon Between the goal posts In the shed Calendars Of cobwebs Morning tea From the Parakeet's cage A toy bell tinkles Snow covered field The impressions Of angels Another stair The weight of my daughters College bags Nameless dirt road And at the end of it A field of potato blossoms A shrikes cry The river widening At the bend Fireworks at the park Someone brings In a boombox Country graveyard A worn path between The dead Autumn Sunset Fog spills over The coastal hills Cloud peaks Inch by inch, the worm 'Stills its shadow Condescending notes Of a canyon wren Sunset Dexterous smoke The steep mountain road Curving sharply Remembering my mother? A Wood Thrush song At dusk Carrying moonlight? In the house White Peony Stillness In the storm's eye Stars Quiet house A spot of decay On the anthurium Puddle! Just for a moment The moon at rest The ashes Still logshaped Her 21st birthday Rainy day One tile missing From the blue roof Moon sliver The sound of Dew Dropping from leaves? Morning rain Blue flames flicker Under the teapot Coffeecup, shadow Mother and son In deep conversation Winter sky Looking in My empty wallet again Stable rain Three vultures huddle On a hayroll A cold jar Of young eels The moon in their eyes Wisps of fog Her red sweater Comes and goes Huge cedar Snow resifted Through hemlocks Day Moon Water runs slowly Over a floe Winter rain The flow of ants In the pantry Wind swirls In the nursing home courtyard A few dry leaves Deep winter The old dog's shadow Lagging behind Light from the snow My wife shows me a small bloom On the hyacinth False spring Cougar tracks In moist sand Sunlit porch A butterfly alights On mail from overseas Spring, melancholy A field of rape flowers Gone to seed Sweet peas Tremble on the Trellis The brides I will Melon blossoms A yellowpowdered bee Widows its face Cloudless sky A pheasant flies from The combines teeth The Garden Butterfly My daughter not close enough Then too close Afternoon, Hush The cat takes another step Towards a robin Thunderclap The cadence of the rain Changes Slash burning The Scarlet Tanager Hits a high note Family picnic The youngest child pockets A watermelon seed Sunlit meadow My small knight chases Dragonflies The Drivein movie screen Covered with graffiti Simmering heat Summer noon The hearses blackness Dazzles Outdoor caf A song sparrow Cleaning tables Honeysuckle The mailman takes a sniff As he closes the box City Park A child brings me A dandelion Graveside Service A stray dog pisses On the casket Humid afternoon The Billboard painter Brushing on a smile Late summer Baring the tan line On my wrist Bonsai, gift unwrapped She removes The twist of wire Crowd of umbrellas A child opens his Face to the rain Summer Moon The changing rhythms Of a basketball Faded overalls The garden weeds Touch the scarecrow Summer evening A boat returns to harbor With pink sails Opened door The darkness lengthens In a kitten From the balcony above A hand outstretched Rain Sunrise A mountain's shadow Touches the city Fluttering leaves The play of sunlight On my eyelids Channel Marker Fledgling Ospreys Stretch their wings Handmade paper Ink bleeding into A late summer moon Reading by Lamplight Sounds of a summer night Press against the screen Summer heat A cat drinks the water In the birdbath Concert in the park Slightly raindrops Change the tempo Marmot hole Snow in the shade Of a lodgepole pine First spring day The bareness Of legs Mating season A Marsh Hawk commits himself To the somersault Bear market Still the cherries Flower City dawn Window washers Rise on their scaffold Morning chores The chatter of sparrows Through the dryer vent Sea Rock In an old man's shape Another spring Pulling a weed? The ladybug hangs on For the ride Morning migraine The coo of a dove Outside my window Morning sunshine A wren weaves in and out Of the trellis Starry sky The honks of wild geese Rise from the quarry Cold moon slides Up the long window Shadow of her hand Bare, winter prairie A little smoke rises From an empty field Autumn Wind A tiny spider husk Spins in the moonlight A cottonwood stump Brought in by the tide Sparrow song Solitary walk Dragging the stars Through pines First, frost A daddylonglegs Skims over bright leaves Prairie arroyo Halfgrown bison bulls Corral the trucks December Beach Not a sign to be seen Of Christmas Churchyard manger Knocks in the plywood backs Of the wise men Midsummers, eve The pond's last light Stirred by dipping swallows Dog days The sunstruck arc Of the angler's cast Beach run The salty taste Of myself White birches Fog drifts past The stone cairn Autumn rain The long outside staircase To my room August Moon The coolness of New sheets Splashing Shoal Water strider shadows Cross the bottom Morning fog A worm trail ends In a spiral Stable autumn wind Ballons at the same slant In a usedcar lot A deep bruise I don't remember getting Autumn evening Spring, thunder From the center of a pine stump A pine Winter solstice The road narrows In oneway Summer's end Beachstore buckets on dusty shelves Anyoldhow? Midargument A bumblebee Stoles in clover A spider weaves Among the rosehips No one at home Schoolyard quiet The scribble of ants In a stone shadow Summer Highway Puddles of light merge With the sky The striped racer Slithering to full length Canyon Wildflowers Passing clouds? An ant swings On a grass blade My daughter's graduation A gull separates From the rest of the flock The baby nods Cottonwood Seeds Drill along the road A migrant worker In the native plants median Midday heat Goldenrod Biking Heatwaves Dog days Another block of hay Pops out of the baler Grit in the stomach Of the steamed clam Summer heat Smoldering coals The rattle of blue crabs In a metal bucket Amber, shallows A perch nibbles The sky to pieces The slow blink Of radio tower lights Autumn chill noon sun The cow chews her cud (clockwise) Midday sun My shadow To the ocean floor Passing thunderclouds? A waterstrider's rush To stay in place Evening stillness The small bubbles As the trout rise Autumn River Tried together on the deck Two white chairs High above The end of this long day Sliver of Moon Sunday morning A neighbor comes out To clap his shoes Whilst Through my thought Butterfly Rose, Trellis A butterfly adjusts It's flight Garden swing Cat and butterfly In midair Three fiddlers A dog weaves between Pints of stout She speaks softly She speaks of daffodils I write it down Bumblebee The buzz Between flowers A child's laughter The touch Of a touchmenot Cool summer morning I take my thoughts Out to the porch Lightning flash How short? The stubble Cloudcast afternoon Corn popping On the stove An old man's breathing Littlely moves the newspaper Winter dusk Winter stars Shaking rust down from? The old swing set Grand Canal Row on row of Gondolas Tossing at their stakes [ crochet hook] Pulling the yarn through? Deep November Porn sitting The scallop of Snowy Hills In his gesture Bright Venus Two Hawks settle Deep in the pine Approaching Storm A peacock's cry above The wind Tattered windsock A harbor seal slips between Two dinghies Pond, shimmer There, not there Grebes Early spring The honey pot Nearly empty Goose crossing The old pickups Broken horn Valley stillness A butterfly passes through An empty log Dying stars A hedgehog haphazards It's way back home Filled sunlight Where the forest thins? Daffodils Her gray hair Gone blonde First day of spring Fiddlehead, Fern The way it rolls Off the tongue Sunset Flash of starlings In the acacia Day Lilies Waking to find? It wasn't a dream A grain of rice On the mayor's face New Year's Levee Winter chill Turkey, vultures circling One of their own Long train The roundness of snow On tanker cars Winter tulips Squeaking As they enter the vase Rabbits at dusk As if Foxes did not also Love twilight January The gym crowded With resolutions Forecasted storm The lowbattery In my kindle "Furth Moon" The sound of squirrel teeth On a hazelnut Winter mist At the stoplight, pink sneakers Keep running Lent is over A bartender flips The coaster My housefly's autumn The window with the hills Of apple trees Moonlit waves The glow of streetlights On clapboard cottages Snow in the forecast Some extra spice In the jambalya 12:01 am Flying a drunkard's path The year's first moth Snow erasing The Garden's Features Teaching my dad to shave Unilingual I study the expressions In a wren's eye First cold day The cat kneads A patch of sunlight First flakes Discovering my childhood In a box Orions belt My words byte by byte To another continent After the funeral Snow covers The dark places Rustle of palm leaves Fishers play cards In the boat's shade Roadside Walk A beggar stretches Leg as hand Fiddler's Festival The bull frogs Unreach harmony 'Salely' With dad's old songs Another night of fireflies Adonis Blue Searching in vain Among the Heathcliffs Summer afternoon The saxophone busker Takes a drag Tornado watch Cricket songs carried From tall grass Gypsy violin The wheat harvest Splashing with fireflies Mountain pass wind Whistlers through my pack frame A pika answers Creed Moon Quiet, lullaby From the rocker First flakes The nowhere voices Of Geese The snow Follows Grace Stone soup First In the last trash bag The box it came in Winter frost The sword's sharp shine Out of the sheath A rose petal In the singing bowl First Blackbird All Saints Day, dusk A blackbird's alarm call Sets off another Folding the map Part of the country ends In the ocean New Year's Day The cloud that held the mountain Let's go Winter thaw Probing spiced cider On my lover's tongue Bare trees A request for an update Of my bio Glare, ice The old dog Pees on the moon Sunbright morning Dragons of factory smoke Dissolved by wind After all the things That have gone wrong Plum blossoms I find myself Losing the trail Greening woods Spring cleaning My daughter finds the key To the music box Wind blown snow A ewes cry In the night Mild winter The shore ice Releases its litter Measureing a life From Crocus To crocus Songbird's returning The tunes my father Would whistle? Trail frog The children Jump back! Early spring Speks from the sky Solve near the river The Robin's song [Bail shoots] Lift the soil Daylight saving The neighbor's pregnancy Beginns to show Butterbur The rabbits explore A little further stuffed in a bus The scent of spring In a woman's musk Inside the bud All the reasons To believe The swell Before the river splits In another name From the far bank The twonote squeaks of coot chicks Strobe the river Outdoor wall Banyan, shoot curls In my shadow In the stream A lone fisherman That once was me Stargazer, Lily A dab of pollen on the tip Of her nose Primrose A new nurse hired In the playhouse Sweetfish fall downstream How easily I slip? In yesterday Our legs Stir up phosphorescence The heat Clouds drift The trail of a rain drop On a dirt covered leaf Butterfly The thought of myself Not thinking Yard Sale Listening to sunsets In the conch shell Slow current The rusting shadow Of a truss bridge Peaceful evening The drip Of oars at rest Dusk The home plate, umpire Brushes it off again Piano practice Leaves swirl Allegro con brio Scudding moon A starfish holds fast To the hull Neck Neck Geese First names No longer in fashion Weathered headstones Between roots and branches Century's And a child's swing Autumn Wind I take what I want Of the apples October Fest Too much oompahpah In the mustard Leaves in the wind This time I let him go Godless month A double rainbow Spikes the mourners First snow Cascading through Cedar A woodpecker's call Olive sea I disappear into another Gray Day Too late To call him Dad Autumn leaves Autumn Sunset The flutter of the sail As it loses wind Pale moon My childhood gone With her last breath Baby photos From my birth mother How do I say hello to me? Lame doe at dusk Shifting the weight? Of my day Mom's ashes pass Through airport security Autumn evening First night of fall Most of the moon Spikes through the leaves Another dream About the otherworld Pressed flowers Old postcard A steamship voyage On a stamp Skin Is all I know of me? Distinct thunder Desert Motel Opening the door To starlight Screened window The full scent Of Jasmine heirloom roses She crunches eggshell In the black loam Beacons of rain raspberries holding on To summer Near the horizon A wave forms Touch me there again Moonflower A love letter To Captain Kirk City alley The heart of an iris Holding rain Building thunderhead The white hydrangea Touched with blue Morning walk The stranger's dog Knows my scent Pock Of tennis balls The heat Summit A gnat's weight On my nose [Whispertail] Maybe, I'll Say yes Sagging porch My conversation With a stray dog Home run Moths swarm The floodlights Longest day Rolling each awning Out to its limit Bottom of the canyon A brochure Of spectacular views Dozen house My daughter changes Her mind again Far from home She puts a shell To my ear Summer stars An actor's bow Scrubs the pool of light Morning tide The seaside town Smells of breakfast Valentine's Day Thawing a wild salmon From the supermarket Planetarium My child's grip Starts to loosen Winter solitude Another long night Where things left off? Enough silence A guest pinches A sprig of lavender Spring, dusk A turtle laying eggs In railbed, Cindy Loolknit sweater The spring wind comes to me In a thousand ways Deep winter I hang my shadow In the closet Romance ends Potshaped clods of dirt On the compost pile Smell of Guava A glimpse of my youth In the fruit aisle The softness Of lamb's ears Garden for the blind Slightly winter The press of cold metal Against the paper gown Holidays over Change from someone's pocket Between couch cushions No desire To talk it through First Moon of Winter This way and that Winter sun In a rabbit's ear Stark tree limbs A cyclist, I see Every morning Another new year The reek of gunpowder wafts On the cold night air "Furth Moon" The many shades Of snow A wren at sunrise It seems too early To write of death Stark tree limbs I have nothing Of my hometown Raging blizzard The gritted teeth Of jumper cables Smell! Of raked leaves An old wound Autumn sun The man on a bicycle Huges his pumpkin Autumn Twilight I tell the hostel We're almost there Black Fingers In the dough A hint of winter A faint chance of snow The right money moves For the year ahead Autumn Woods My son and I Not just dna Halloween The white cats Black Shadow The sky Gray with voices Late Geese Shorter days My Medicare card Arrives in the mail Enoughing the trap A pumpkin seed between The mouse's teeth Sunfilled, eddy A swainson's thrush sings An upward spiral Turning tide A barnacle waits On a limpet First drops A frog syncopates With the cicadas Same as it was When we were cavemen The moon Dry September Water gurgles In my fish tank Returning home I cross to the crickets Side of the road Mossy Creek Bank The days when I could be Anything? A butterfly In her cupped hands End of summer Misty morning Lending smell of cattle In abilene Cicada song Spanish moss dipped In sunlight A first kiss On the edge of summer Sand in my shoe Family picnic My son runs a finger Over his birthmark Approaching Storm A fluorescent swimsuit On the clothesline High Desert The weathered rock Gives up a shell Smell of her hair Wave after wave Touches the shore Bullfrogs, croak In the river Women harvest stones Miggestion The red fan opening Fold by fold With a little rain The color returns To a stone Carving emoticons In ice cream Lonely town Octoples I already know The way home Winter solitude The elevator speaks To me Blowing snow I learn the secrets Of the wind Winter sun The soft flicker of waxwings In the firethorn Taking a left? When I should have gone, right? Spring, drizzle Spring Moon Her tippytoes bring her That much closer A red fox Seems disappears Winter wind All day writing poems The sound of paper settling In the bin A flutter! In the does, flank Crocus in snow Good Friday Walking to confession In worn shoes Moonwashed garden Wondering what became? Of the tailless, thrush Blizard from the north The Buffalo Turn To face the white School reunion Failure to recognize The Winter Goldfinch Always making Something out of nothing The brilliance of Crows Midwinter The stillness of the Sardines In the tin A gazillion germs In a sneeze Yet more stars Winter gulls The grit of sand In soap The big dipper My dog keeps searching For the right spot Swollen moon The winter diet Of comfort food Office Aquarium The fish and I In different boxes A pawn sacrificed Keeping the game alive This freezing night Sticked! In the eddy Autumn sky Persimmon Sky Two blackbirds puff up Their silhouettes Two attempts At the trouser leg New Year's Day Snow squeak The longest branch bounces With sparrows Slideshow Our winter vacation The white wall Last autumn colours The Cloister Fountain Keeps singing Antler clash The moose Lock breaths The soft blur Of sleeping swans Winter light First star My son says he knows The speed of light Deep winter I lose my list Of things to do Skylight, raindrop Holding jupiter And the moon Lovemaking Over his shoulder The moon The cricket's song What's left? Of the moon Autumn Zephyr My daughter imitates A maple seed Autumn Woods My last walk as a bachelor Memorizing vows Windblown sky A dragonfly's grip On the clothes line Autumn Orchard The oval of a basket Imprinted on the grass Morning, cicadas A vine reaches In open space Horseshoe Pit A yellow maple leaf Leans on the spike The Vermillion glow From the pistachio trees I knew your father Ears over eyes The pigs stretch out In the evening sun Village Fair Insects fly round and round A tube light Her heart On her sleeve Firefly Keep off grass The tut tut tut Of a sprinkler head Wind waves Through the tall wheat Missing her? Coughatoo, roost The last light of evening Folded in the hills Starry night A black rhino Fills the water hole Bart feet The child squelches Through a cowpat Summer squall Lily pads Hold the pond in place Wild mustard scent A bed Shared with sisters Aroma of coffee In the morning breeze My new lover Catch and release A little shine left On my fingers Simmering lake How unimportant? What's important? Cloud castles The music we heard Just air 'Sale in the bush Just me And a blowfly Skinny dipping Mayflies She'd their skins Illuminating Motel wallpaper Headlamps Rain from the west Sifts through the porch screen The evening, cool Dining alone The festival lights Keep a regular beat In our face The dog shakes off The ocean [Still Road] The clash of umbrellas As we near the Buddha The world a blossom I make up a song For my dog Morning, mist A parrot asks My plan today The puddle Deeper than I thought Enough mailbox The wrens empty nest Just a little less Of the moon Blue Whale The outstretched arms Of a toddler First day of spring A puppy at the pet shop Wags itself Spring A bug, I don't know Looks me straight in the eye Still some snow On the upturned canoe Seed hulls Colorless wind The ashes That don't scatter Curbing map My son shows me the way To Neverland Part street light Part moon light First kiss The taste of smoke In the single malt Autumn deepens Turning leaves He flips a penny In the sun A medevac helicopter Passes low Smell of autumn leaves Dying light Pinkfooted Geese Wade In the sun [Chamber smoke] The long straight rows Of Cornfield, stubble A lullaby Turning to whisper Moonrise Two dragonflies Riding the screen door Autumn deepens Ghost of A white gazebo Night rain Counting the lines On my neck Magpie song Cornflakes Dough with milk All the leaves have fallen Mallet to Chisel Chisel to stone The North Wind Last moon of summer The bottom falls out Of the pitch Cicada, shell The space behind It's eyes Moon The light in the shade Of an unlit lamp Old growth mountain Two red dragonflies, couple And uncouple Full moon The silence of birds Expanding The hand that touches mine From tree to tree The path of wind Wind turbines Grind the sunset Summer's end Welltrodden, rut A line of heifers Watch me pass They speak Of my doppelgnger Autumn's first chill Indian summer A black bear grazes The shriveled berries Dark lagoon A thousand years Of tree frogs The crows Choose headstones July heat Fireworks Her handprint evaporates From the cold glass Hydrangea Over tea mulling the idea Of Utopia Rain forecast Spittlebugs at the Nodes In meadow grass Between two farms One of Barley, one of wheat The old battlefield Windless day One ripe tomato drops From the vine Brilliant moon Sharp shadows of lemons On the stone steps A dry riverbed Cloud shadows moving Down the canyon In ten summers The convict's first visit Dragonfly Home for Christmas The tree losing needles On fake snow As I turn the page Napoleon leaves Moscow Dying winter light Year's first moon The widow turns Her mattress Winter night I dream In monochrome Finally, good news The reflection of my face Inside a tea bubble Dumpster! The iridescence Of starlings Snowy night Drinking tea? From my hometown Over old ground A Dunnock's search In winter shrubs Low tide Gull and Gannet shadows Pick shells Spring peepers Raindrops stipple the creek In chorus Cherry buds So much effort To be nice Prom day On my daughter's waist A boy's hand Village in the mountains A stray dog becomes Our Trek Guide Baptism Song A turtle slips In the river Yard Sale A family portrait Bought for its frame Just how? To hold you Paper kite Willow The limits Of happiness Towing A rainbow Baby duck Pool filter A child's collection Of dandelion wishes Beach Cottage The musty smell Of old novels Cradling her belly Waiting for someone who Is already here? Autumn I count once again Tulip bulbs in the bag The bus is late Across the twilight river The wheeling starlings Another morning Of mares tails The wisp of a sigh Different carols Two drifters singing For spare change Indian summer The soccer net ripples With a goal Remembering to let them? Speak first Cosmos in the rain Change of seasons I catch myself talking To the wind Waiting room Someone whispers Be morning soon An inchworm [Schuling thin air] Christmas morning The old moon Everyone else I've outlived Back to school Unlearning The whole summer The way It feels to hold you Gibbou's moon Still reflecting Upon creation Dragonfly eye Manna, gumtrees The sugar glider's belly Before the moon [Kild line] The screech Of Infinity Schoolyard Fence When did I end up? On this side A berry's curve In a crows beak Harvest Moon Autumn sky The paint worn thin Around the birdhouse door Watching the deer Watch my morning train Pass by Faces put on At the family gathering Watermelon, rinds Feather tree It's shade Shapes the herd Lonely is a place Inside The call of a loon Bomb shelter My old belongings Huddle in the dark Night sky Our long look at The past Sunrise The full arc Of sprinklers Foxglove A Hummingbird adjusts The breeze Concrete The jungle Within me Cold overnight No way of knowing Where the loon will surface? The Nights Crickets Never silent Never seen Adjoining properties The cut Of the mower blade Afternoon tea My mother Speaks her history White butterfly I'm also ready To surrender Hayshed The old iron roof Straining daylight Telephoto lens The loons call Comes into focus Summer commute Again, a truckload Of crushed cars Trail signs Pausing To find myself Her eyes Say yes Fireflies Reflecting pool She tosses coins in Without looking Lake of Stars The taste Of Polaris Spring Whistling through? A blade of grass Mild weather Their argument continues Outside War veteran Lobbing grain At his hens Blue rain A kayak frozen In the slipstream Pool drain The frogs I couldn't save Town gossip A rototiller's blade Turning up stones Army Hospital He Fingerspells I love you Buttercup, meadow A blackbird rises At the twigs snap Recession Poke salad growing In a sidewalk crack Remembering? A mayas feather In dawn light The almost Of crabapple buds Hazy sky I will not leave Apple blossoms collect On my shoulders Incense for remembrance Water trickles down The mountain side Matching exhales With the sleeping dog Bone coloured mist [Salesuds] Mother tells me how She'd like to die Construction site Yellow Ribbons Explain the future Puddle! In the umbrella Morning sun Childless I measure time By how the willow grows Easter fog lifting A blowfly rises From Roadkill Cemetery bees Her last diploma Made of marble You are here The crisscross Of snow flurries NEW YORK: Snow The warmth In a hare's paw Shortest day of the year A peculiar voice From each appliance Her last words Snow falling On beech leaves Thirty below zero Losing my faith In turtles Morning Moon A Peregrine Beginns its dive Mouse The sound Is enough? Soft moonlight A second owl Answers Wings of grass What remains? Of her snow angel Streaming towards The Winter Sunset Crematorium smoke Closing time Winter dusk slides down The book drop Summer The sound of rain On canvas Moonlit The pure white life Of the lily Dog days The damp dishcloth Beginns to smell Enough fairgrounds Tent peg holes Half filled The last light In the Hollers Of children Heat lightning For all the right reasons We wait Distinct lightning A blackbird tears flesh From a ripe cherry Milkweed drift I take my chair outside To wait I lift her She lifts me The fouryearold Overcast morning A yellow warbler Tests each branch Imagining I've learned to dance First, Quince blossoms More thunder Ants do ant things To the peonies Honeymoon Island She brushes sand off The chessboard At the campfire Another round Of ringtones The marigold In a plastic cup Mother's Day Bobwhites Throughout the canyon Sunset colors Last day of school Paper butterflies Unpinned from the board Skinnydipping River current streamlining My body Nightfall Blowing out The marshmallow The faint shine Of camellia buds Winter Moon Not a bride anymore Still the plum Bluffs Lambing The smell of wet sweaters Fills the barn Spring downpour So many words For rain Boads lowing A clod of earth Clings to the fork Sunny wall The marks of time On my skin The Valleys Browns Still edged with white Tinkle of the beck Spring rain My garden Still in packets More rain I know I know I squawk back At a jay Lilacs in bloom A clerk washes The town hall windows North Dakota Border Slosh Of the Greyhound toilet My son's birthday A red poinsettia leaf Flutters to the ground Clear cold night My dog barks At his own echo Restless night The threadbare edge Of her quilt Winter blues The harmonica man plays For Wall Street Moldering leaves The wind blows me Deeper into winter Winter sunlight The birdsong that lingers In Evergreens Caught in a lie icicles shatter On the stones Waiting! Becoming living Late winter Tried up By churning waves A painted open sign Without you is better Oak leaves, rattle "Against the moon" Driving to the airport? The smell of dog Lenders on my hand Seascuffed Cave The Peregrines cries Lost to the firth A sales call My only conversation Autumn, loneliness Father asks If it's time to go Cricket song Hometown The hug Of the hills October evening Somewhere a scrub, Jay Keeps asking Death anniversary Prayer flags drip In the rain Rests of pine Filling with twilight A coming going world Sunrise over the lake The pregnant woman Swims on her back Sound of rain The faded e on The Internet caf keyboard Deep night Spending some time Putting stars together Rocky Shore Waves break The gannets huddle Toothache A woodpecker comes To stab the suet Tether life Spiting back part Of the beach Moon The way it looked When I was young The feel of a stone Through the pickaxe handle Forked lightning Drawing me To the edge Canyon wren Cigarette stubs In ashtrays In old photos An ant Carry more than its weight Morning prayer Summer opera Her fan stops fluttering During the main aria Creak of floorboards The musty shop smell Of ancient redwoods The drought year Written in flies On the riverbed Cliff dwellings My perspiration salts Ancient stone My 73rd summer The shadows Of butterflies Dog days The wind harps Lost chord Chanting over The rustle of Peepal leaves In the temple Swelter! The brick carriers hod Heavy with shade Deserted street The hot wind rolling An empty can Morning, mist The squirrel Swaps, poplars Spring rain The cleaner everyone likes Comes to say goodbye Pink, Diana Two parasols bend To the scent One song Answered by another Ocotillo blooms Mango season Married long enough To eat in silence A silent stirring In the wood, anemones White butterfly Rush hour The smell of green onions On the crosstown bus Soft breeze A hyacinth Fills me Skunk cabbage I've decided To say nothing Fossile forest Your cheek against mine For a photo Scarred by skates The spring ice Moans Slow train home A man skims ecclesiastes On his kindle That yellow bird's back How we end up? Where we do? It must've happened before A drop of spring rain In my green tea Spring sun I wait for the snake To move Permanent The garden I dream of Loblolly Pine The scent Of grandfather's diary Dandelions All these clothes That don't fit So lightly A morning rainbow disappears In the rice, paddy Kite Festival The startling red Of a cockscomb A crow cleans its beak On an icecovered bough Early morning sun Her illness Beyond our care Winter birds Deep snow hoses curled Under the sundeck Morning prayers The suet cake Pecked thin A nursing home blanket Over all her sharp edges Midwinter The difference A sparrow makes Bare branches Deep winter A seal skin tacked To my neighbor's door New moon My friend coming out Of her dark phase Do we all? Mark, time With blossoms A crow, pecks At something small and still Autumn, dunes She salts the soup Without even tasting Autumn sky Squealing Garden The way the blackbird sings From the metal tree Winter solstice Cranberries popping In the saucepan New Year's Eve The lights of crab boats Immediately spaced The uncarved faces In the pumpkin fields Diagnose day Autumn, mist The homeland, I know Only in dreams Nightfall A freezing wind brings The chimes of goat bells A star It's only Light years Each of us With a story to tell Winter stars Summer ends The wallah takes down The raincoat array Fine, mist He says frogs I say crickets Kindergarten drama The leafy sea dragon She'ds her sleeves Top down day A yellow leaf Dride's in The old ball field A turnstile Going nowhere Autumn Twilight The boarded up window Of the tree house Melancholy Runs in the family Sparrow song Heron in flight The rowing coach Claps out a rhythm Sunset clouds The decoys touchups In a different hue Geese going gone The thought of filling My father's shoes Shanty Town The jagged edges Of moonlight Koi Pond How we imagine? Inmortality Nuclear disaster The heads of state Share a cucumber Approaching rain The smell of sauerkraut Lenders on the stairs Cyclone warning The cracked red paint Glistens with rain Spring day The cord zings back In the vacuum Downwind The breath Of lemon blossoms Butterfly Linging on the breeze Her first kiss Village Road The jingle of bullock carts In the mist Spring day 'Anchorment said No flowers Progress The cobweb repaired where It crosses the gate latch Dogwoods The stench of Baby questions Dancers! Above the hedgerow Just her hat Water Unusual water A spider into the bud Easter morning Three silos On the horizon An eye In the window Of a birdhouse The pause He takes on his flute Spring rain Age 88 All the whatchamacallits In the spring, wind Third day of snow Neighborhood kids build A rhinoceros Winter morning Two butterflies Warm the garden Narcissus My heartbeat races Towards its end A setback In her treatment Frosttipped lavender New Minister Glears guide a spring rain Back to the Earth March Snowmen Picasso's appearing On front lawns Miles of silence A chill on my thigh When he changes gears Snowmelt The caw of the crow returns To the hickory Snowdrops surround An empty snail shell Pale day moon Terrorist Untangling My knotted Rosary Postop The Holy Medals Features Imprinted in my palm Hunter's Moon The gator's eyes Hold the light More space For the Raven's voice Winter sky Cloud dragon Eating its own tail Epiphany Day Muted sunlight The crisp corners Of the folded flag Last light Prying a pigeon From the dog's mouth Frostsparkled paddock He digs the grave A little deeper Winter solstice Reading glasses To see myself Winter pear My breath condenses On the knife Autumn trees Getting her to Do the talking End of Harvest Pulling out the leaves? Of the table Secondhand bookshop Red wine stains In the Autumn sun Map in hand, I search For my grave site Urban planning A row of poplars At earlevel Full moon The scent of cocoa butter On her baby bump Remains of daylight The wind rattles With old mustard "Moreing" The mask The mime The knife sharpener On his bicycle Falling leaves Fish scales On the serrated knife Catching sunset Aspens In a circle Twilight Wild mustard To all the wishes wished here Add this one of mine Revolution I slice the lemon In itself Harvest Moon The circus disassembles Pole by pole First day of school My son brings home His peach stone Summer stars My children ask me To name a favorite A white feather Without a bird Flies by Urban sprawl A huddle of hard hats And a dead tree Too far away To see the flag Full moon Parfum of cedar He tucks the twig Behind her ear Temple bells The clink of coins In ceramic pots I check once again For any missed calls? Interruptive rain Crewelwork The Musty scent Of geraniums High sun Ants to the top Of the okra stalk August Rain The one bitter almond In a whole bag Nailing roof iron? With my father's hammer The echoes Attic light Dust rising from the dark In the magic hat Ebb tide Mangrove Roots Hold A downy feather Dental's window Birds picking out The sunflower seeds Low tide Dusk collecting In the shells The snow melted Fences reappear Between neighbors Nuthatch! Headlong down the oak Vernal, Equinox Spring morning Doing something new? With pink scarves Straggles of mist ancestors evaporating In a Highland Dawn All that stirs In the rivers womb Spring rain Log split A moth Flies out Spring shadows New razor For the teenaged son First swallow of the season Modiglianis woman Longing for it Resurrectile sky Mother somewhere between Here and there One year on A blackfaced sheep Grazes the regrowth Winter shadows Adding water to the last Of the soup Snow beginning to drift My mother shares memories She never had Midwinter night Between the swells Beyond the surf Meandering Along the ice cracks A midnight moon [Camphor flame] A mother directs her child To pray Winter roses Father shows us photographs He no longer sees Deep winter How often we opened? Windows to persimmons Here, other Than winds lamentation Nothing is Winter stillness Turkey tracks frozen In the ice Reconstructioning A field mouse Owen Pellets Late fall Eamonways In the canopy Gifts from my mother Unwrapping them With their shadows Sipping tea Pine needles, brush My window Left soaking In dishwater The long night moon Bright winter night My head Made of glass Dry leaves Between each step A silence No season word Yet, autumn pervades Her suicide note Solstice light I take What is offered? Log fire! The steady click Of knitting needles New Year's Eve The harpist's fingers Gleep toward midnight Autumn begins The crack of an acorn Under my shoe The morning moon Embracing me To my new job Rifles A belted kingfisher Splinters the light Maroon recliner Unwanted in the corner Motionless sea Prairie sky The trucker secures A wide load A fossil fish In a box of beach sand First day of school Almost dusk The trawler, men Drink tea Dads, Yahrzeit A white moth Clings to my window Ships rail Moonlight all the way To the moon Indian summer The distance Between roses Dry Brook A choice Of stepping stones First, men on the moon The first time I tasted (Streetsnake) Heat spike A blister beetle probes The Cactus Flower I remember Your braid Girl gone to soldier A mill wheel Slowly turning More and more stars Stormwater The autistic boy Beats his drum Skinny dipping The black eyes Of the fish crow The child A bit ahead of us Summer stars Hiroshima Day A giant peony blooms In my dream Moonless night I close my eyes And disappear Early morning silence Soon enough Everything Summer solstice One flipflop Circulating the pool Landfall For a jellyfish And lightning For a moment Your shadow Is my shadow? Drawn blinds Just in time, a skink slips From my sandal Cumulonimbus A man rolls a cardboard box Too large to carry A girl's laughter Waterfalls flinging Rainbows Shooting star My wish for An unhurried life The woman I say I don't love Key lime pie Afternoon tea Each ant takes away A granule of light Along the roadside Dixie cups Of summer wind Fording the river The moment closest To neither bank North star So many places To call home Distinct galaxies Taking another Wrong turn Heat lightning The fly moves below My ankle bone Day Moon The hollow sound Of the water tank Summer night The coin laundry's Fishless tank [Gheebell] A star Goes out Midnight, dusk The blur of moths Around a buddleia A deceased friend Taps me on the shoulder Plum blossoms falling A drop of pond At the end of a beak Setting sun Gunshot Every pine needle Pointing at something New Year's Eve An invitation To be Japanese The rasp Of a homemade broom Morning chill Master Potter Almost not touching The clay Scalling waves Mother darns a sock By candlelight A slight tinkling In the dishwasher Winter evening Junco's burst From snowy bushes The glitter Freezed Moon A red pagoda In the fishbowl world Saffron Dawn A leafless tree Live with Birdsong Halloween A sky full of waxwings Feath to the rowan Snow before dark The field bundled In Bales The neighbors All seem busy Last day's of fall Almost winter The spider Makes a repair Pumpkin carving Many faces Come to mind Evening walk The deer must Know me by now Plymouth Rock Generations of boaters Debating the moon Condo Skeleton The Hunter's Moon moves To the penthouse floor Winter solstice Every windshield Transports a sun Fly after fly The steady swish Of a bull's tail End of summer Our daughter's vacation Gets shorter each year Near sunrise The aspens already Alight Labor Day A crown of mushrooms On the compost pile Morning sun The headstone shadows Aligned High tide A plastic dump truck Moves another shell Harvest time The doubts that leave The doubts that remain Morning fog A few poppies Burn through Harvest feast The warmth Between my parents Kitchen conversation We allow the dusk To linger awhile Midnight Moon Dark stalks of Spanish dagger Pierce the snow Soft rain The clatter of young barn owls Trying their wings Bleak morning Her footprints Filled with rain First love All but forgotten The Meadowlark's song Sun clears the ridge A finch's gold Flickers in the woodpile Eggshell fragments What I know of the mother I've never known The cries In the Marsh Rain [Jack] Snipers! Old Cemetery The gate swings Both ways Bathed in sunlight The day roost Of the rufous owl Climbing out Of the oceans roar Cliffside, Daisy Winter solitude A potato Beginns to sprout Clinic waiting room Beyond the window blinds More walls Clear and cold The Home Health Nurse Late again On the ride home River ice breaking Our silence Feeble light The slow melting Of eucharist Meditation The dent in the monks Head! Black ice Dad's bloodwork In New friends The potholed road To their house Sound Over white waves Swan Pear blossoms On the windshield We wave goodbye Posting the cards? Almost enough snow For a snowman Winter solstice Her first kiss Since the divorce Winter solstice Halo of a candle flame Behind a drawn shade New Year's Eve Remains warming In the pot Going back In the memento box Everything fits Festival of Lights The old dog Beating biscuits My tea cup Still too hot to hold The shortest day Last day of the year Red plastic roses Dying in the shop window Dryed Anemone In a diary No, when no, where, no why? Thinking The unthinkable Old cat Hind of frost The spruce tipped With Jupiter Pumpkin weather The big smiles Of the candidates Withered corn The runner in last place Turns it on Mountain music The poverty In minor chords Thanksgiving We have the wind chill To talk about Cold snap A bite Of the radish Miles to go The grazing Roadside Deer Ease squirrels chasing Each other I am still alive Shadows Drifting into the garden The Hunter's Moon Perseid shower Tiny green apples Dot the lawn Child's grave From birth to death The moon Old stream The moon floats into The blue hour Squabbling squirrels I no longer remember the names Of childhood bullies Indian summer A kid drags his backpack In the dust Yellow leaves Her 30step hopscotch In pink Down the street And back again October Wind Ancient courtyard Bagpipes and drums pulsate Through the cobblestones Ochre moon The roadtrain's light In the Kangaroo's eyes Readying for bed I open the shade And let in the moon Sun low Chins rested On the losing oars Dusk Sandpipers, jab The foam Outside the wake Cigarettes Dot the dark Autumn chill The cracks, I don't Step on Autumn light The cantor sings A sinner's prayer Almost a moon The weight of the glass As it empties My sister's side Of our childhood Moonlit night Early autumn The old priest Trembling with tolls Shared grief The splash of oars In the fog Snap of a clipboard In the Allday Workshop The heat Heat lightning Christmas beetles Sponggle the fly screen Yet again By the river A pair of knickers Old Pond If only my face Would stay so smooth Bamboo bending In the wind I bargain for mangos Knowitall's talk Through rolled down windows Dusty road Village Festival The last firework Joins the moon Aftershock A tremor lingers In the dog Waning summer moon Mom and I Compare hands Summer's end A dogchewed stick By the edge of the pond Cocktail chatter Fruit flies sally Glass to glass Bottlebrush in bloom There was a time in my life When I wore red Breathless, quiet Of a summer evening Ship in a bottle Forested, ravine Just enough light, let through To gild a ripple Wildflowers Today's news the same As yesterday's Hummingbird With the wave of an arm I work out her tattoo Never more open The precision Of a water lily Tangled roots At the high tide line A white feather Sunset stretched shadows A strawberry seller holds out The day's last box Where words? Fall away All of the lily Summer solstice The old canal lock Cranked wide open Parfum Fills the gap Between the flowers Bullfrog Moon Silence goes Where the heron goes? Scalling waves Our footprints meet In the sand Shiny! Tin can Maybe peas Teashop table I watch rain drops Pop on the road Irises open or closed The round mouth Of the iron bell Starry night The space in me She fills Sound of a car Hitching the manhole Allday, drizzle Seeing She loves me The blue of the sky All night rain She begins with Let's talk Brisk breeze The wayward kite stretching A boy taut Graduation A bee crawls on the cap In front of me Barnacles Persuade along the pier Our second honeymoon My future From beyond the fence [Woodbells] Dry season ends The scent of wet earth Saturates me Class on the quad My eyes drift To the afternoon moon Thunderhead Flies return quickly To cantaloupe rinds 13th birthday Wild rose buds Unged out Childhood home My climbing trees Phantom limbs Spring morning I decline the offer Of a draw Fountain pool All the circles Where the coins used to be? No wind No breath to lift the sails Baby Swans The flag at half mast Orchard blossoms fill The bigger picture Getting acquainted? Some wild mint In the garden In a nut shell There is never Enough room How to dress her? For eternity Bliss rain On hold The rain Turning to snow Hill climbing With each step, Beech leaves Younger and younger Bend in the river Swans introduce their young To the flock Migrating Geese The things we thought we needed Darken the garage Looking Not looking Roadkill Each streetlight With its own rain Click of Mahjong Tiles The first night The bright stars Below the horizon News of her death On the night table The book unsigned Hummingbird flight The swiftest movements Are invisible The last [stair step] Breathing the sky An empty chair Besides me Crickets requiem Softly at first On a swollen wind Voices in the rain Harp music Wild pear blossoms In the teacher's window EB T tide beach So much to be treasured Left behind Twilight beach A full moon rises from The darkening sea Late summer One floating leaf Already red Late summer clouds A light breeze, rustles White hydrangea First, frost Golden foliage holds The sunlight A faint silver line Arches the night sky Moonbow Gray, summer sky Seedbeads, sparkle On a blue silk thread A final splash While the light holds Golden shafts Clear sky How much she loved? The color blue Sunlit hilltop She gently sets down Her daisy chain School closed Fireflies gather Under the willow This lambent light Over autumn fields Southbound Geese Morning, glories Butterfly's Were they not right here? No last goodbye So soundlessly the turtle Returns to the sea Reading her poems The stillness of Hummingbirds In flight Windborne seed I have No doubt A beach dune Drops a little sand The Autumn Stars A voiceless cicada Quivers on the reed by The heron's nest Flowering briefly You And the spider, Lily The poet Sings a new song Sound of rain Birdsong A clothesline Dripping light Shore for the poet Shore for the poet's work Water lily fragrance Round and beautiful The moon breathing with cut grain Slowly moves westward Autumn The great blue Gone from the Marsh Favourite hymns Prayers worn deep In the wood Autumn Moon Turtle crawls In the sand September, mist Someone I've lost Summer clouds The steps to the lighthouse Are painted blue? Sweet, Magnolia Spanish moss leans With the breeze More darkness More stars Autumn begins New coolness The old dog stays Closer to home Half moon Your half interest In the tryst Seventhinning stretch A foam finger pointing At the autumn moon Falling leaves My friend and I Discuss clutter Gray morning The concrete business Of pigeons Rocking chairs Chained to the porch Leaves in the wind Moon viewing One of the garden lanterns Lights up Autumn Wind The leaves, too Made of oak All hallows, Eve Mossdraped hemlocks Fade into night The spiral In a red hothouse rose Year's end Longest day Dinning cornbread? In buttermilk Heat wave A fly moves slowly Away from my swat Brush fire The sun goes down In flames Withering heat On the sheds tin roof Green, black walnuts Last blackberries Again, she playfully Tells me to shush Summer rain Waking to find the tent, the size Of a mosquito Random beach stone Imagining My biography Field of sunflowers At the edge, a boy In a yellow hat Summer's end The Wisteria Doubles back Moonrise Black Swans make way For the rower Opening day For sidewalk dining A waitress pulls weeds Gray tree frogs Calling from the ditch Wrong side of the tracks Up the mountain The dog brings His own ball Starry evening I can still Make you laugh River narrows The pitched call Of an osprey Uptown, CAF She picks the flowers Out of her salad Red Campion The pathway unwinding So easily Mountain top In the valley deep below Death bells Enough farmhouse A vine wrapped around The weathervane Damn spring evening Body smells Of the homecoming dog Unmarked graves The wind holds A hint of sea Half sun A ewe rests her chin On her dozing lamb Wild seeds The garden Arranges itself Bluffs Some of her words I know by heart Lake Mist The shaman speaks Of water spirits Brittle cold The day moon Half gone Farm for sale The grandchild picks A bouquet of weeds April playground Only the teacher Wears a coat Swollen river A Jacaranda Bud In the child's palm Thirdday Moon My side of the pizza With anchovies First, frost Radish seeds rinsed For the sprout jar What she said? Driving home? The sound of blinkers Slightly cries Through the pines Plough of Geese Memories The soot On the roof tiles Frozen rain The one who took The placebo Thanksgiving drive After the bustle Quiet fields, deep shadows Crow, caws In all directions The endless traffic January The wind ruffles Walking crows Night crossing Salt spray rises Up through the anchor hole Taking his leave In a winter dream My oldest friend Fall morning Men move lumber From pile to pile Moonless night The wet trash bags Reflect the stars [Blowwater stream] The leaf that bumped my ankle Dride's on Late afternoon Liquidamber leaves In the hamper Sunlit moon! The whiskey shines Between sips Autumn, Equinox Salamander's cross the road From both sides Cicada, husk On the campus sidewalk Sound of the fountain A Marsh Harrier Slow over reed plumes Indian summer The Blues song In another chord Autumn deepens Wild thoughts The late Geese And their bugling Deep in the cedars Walking to the jingle Of our bear bells Rib shadows On a loping coyote A field of cut hay Released! The day's only catch Summer slips away Autumn afternoon In the cemetery Every bench taken River washed stones Remembering a woman? Who knew how to love? Dry grass The rattle of ice In the tea pitcher Summer's end A crawdad's firm grip On hotdog bait [Blowwater River] The boat At dragonfly speed Garden bench My warmth left For the autumn rain Deep night [Clocking the Moon] By the pine Pink sunrise The black seeds Of a watermelon Evening cool Two barefoot boys Fish the stream Heat wave Children's voices After dark Thunderclap The warmth Of her breast Gone to seed A wish, not mine Broughts by Salad days The heat of hormones And beach sand Young boys Wrestling in the yard Wild rhubarb Boys, Dorm The glow of a firefly In a bottle Robbing the bees She speaks of Lip balm! City Park Sun getting low In the bottle Sunday afternoon End of a dog's leash Whispering through the grass The long heron aawk Toward a tree Middle of my daydream Tailflicking cattle Mired mid river The heat Loons scattering A floatplane touches down In summer Moonlit grass And black shapes of cattle A distant flute Street fair Easy to find The balloon man Roadtesting Her electric car The silence of stars Chilies roasting The old pickup truck Backfires Getting acquainted? Our children Fight over a seashell Summer rain I walk through the odor Of the sky Cinco de Mayo Losing my daughter To the dance floor Temple steps A man with a snake Offers to tell my future Mother's Day I cut the long white root From a carrot Deep in thought The pitcher plant Wide open Warm day A koi sways On her fan Still not tired To give April tree A moment alone In the desert of Iraq Her damaged photo Butterfly Garden A big voice answers A small one The day begins Relatives of dinosaurs Darting singing Near the mountain top The wind doesn't stay On the path Auction Day Dead leaves swirl Around the stone seat Wordless In my borrowed tongue Plum blossoms Unseasonal heat A woodpecker And it's ideas A blossom In the bird bath Sunny side up Mind chatter Interrupted By wildflowers [Still sidewalk] I'm under her umbrella For a moment First, Sumie My apologies To the bamboo Each needle On the saguaro First light Stray thoughts A butterfly probes The netting A handstand Just to see if I can Honeysuckle One leafs Slow somersaults Oh, to start over Grandad's story Candle light flickers In the snakeskin's eye North Wind The holes In my beliefs Valentine's Day I divide The orange segments He rolls a smoke With blunttipped fingers Huddled sparrows Winter sun The spine of one book Out of line A blizzard outside I want to believe What the preacher says [Knightling] No time like now For that first kiss Power breakdown A mother nursing In the dark Canyon winds Pine cones skip From Cliff to Cliff Strawn clouds How it feels? To hold a rake Chicken wire The softness Of the rabbit's nose Labor Day The crease finally worked In new shoes Hot night An odor widens Her nostrils Dog days The ice cream jingle A fourmeasure loop The close of day Only a peg and a finch Left on the line Low in the West Under the belly of a dog The setting sun Summer Pond No more room For the blue sky Day Moon The street vendor's arms Gleaming with bangles Hearing it first Through the dog Distinct thunder Evening Moon The last bale of hay Acknowlems the conveyor A baby's lost sock soaking up the dew Dandelion Spits Meandering stream Clydesdale's rest their heads On each other's rumps World's apart Two riverworn pebbles In my palm Graduation packed A door is open To the cooling world Cornflowers Brighten the kitchen My mother's eyes Hot blue sky Lamb's blood On the rook's tongue Our cab ride One love song longnbsp Spring Moon Young daughters [Whisper in the gallery] Statue of Zeus Rainpocked dust The shell of a snail Not yet hard Cooling the air Trees in a village Sketched by Czanne Another mother Calling her child too The dark of the wind Creed Moon The cat grooms The tip of his tail First spring day Picking up? A warm stone In the teeth Of a cherry petal wind Sparrows A tangled nest Of fishing line Spring Birdsong Stern Wind The branch an Osprey Adds to its nest The kittens Can't yet see us Spring night Overflowing mailbox Arm deep In Forsythia Steppingstones In the pond Tadpoles Wooted Pond I play the role of a ghost To fish Cold snap The scent of garlic clings To his meat grinder Year's end Clouds carrying off Scraps of moonlight Tracks Of the pallbearers Winter dusk Unlabeled shapes From the back of the freezer Winter stars "Dancing Moon" The pregnant moose Solves into snow Candlelight The room shrinks and grows With every breath Closed casket The funeral directors Peppermint breath Winter stars The fishing holes Left behind Deep winter The old cat squeezes Between us Winter's end A smell of curry In the old people's home River gravel The stone I once skipped Freeway, drizzle He helps his only daughter Move out October sunset The glow of tomatoes On the sill The mugo pine Gathers maple leaves My husband chose me [Swiper] Weather The tip of a cane In the crosswalk Gibbou's moon A paper cut From? "Awakening" To the flyoff, Shuffle Of pigeons from the roof A grackle In every tree Random thoughts Train rails Lead away from here Autumn Wind Not as funny As it sounds Dead duck! Strangler, fig The cooling shade Around me (nbspnight) Garden All the births and deaths That will go unrecorded Virgin Forest Moonlight sinks into earth With my pee Last bittern I hold the paddle tight "Against the current Our passing breeze A do not disturb sign swings On the hotel door Summer dusk A white flag waves From the tree house Dying embers A few new twists In an old ghost tale What we don't speak of The rainsoaked gate Swollen shut Released him The bull trout's back Scarred by talons Drifted sand Over campfire, Ash Summer's end Paddy Fields A heron glides past Button backs of women The hills stir With unmown hay Summer dusk Faraway voices Fishing nets thrown In the spotlight Village pool Children beat sunlight In Stars The attic My shortlived dreams Under the ceiling fan Road just paved A cucumber picker, hoists The wooden crate Starry night My child makes More than one wish Solar eclipse The cat aroused By settling birds Sandcastle My child in His own world No longer lovers The Rosebush you gave me Has bloomed at last Longest day Children fishing For ant lions Black clouds The rain barrel still full Of cobwebs Shallow girl First to notice The Hummingbird's tongue Clearcut Forest The way No longer the way Monsoon wind That touch of dust On the rain scent Summer morning A butterfly floats through The teashop door Mojave sunrise A splinter swells My fingertip Tshirts versus skins A vulture spirals In the sky Historic tour The guide points out buildings No longer there May sky From head to tail The Cardinals, Vibrato A fisherman On my weeping rock Azalea's in bloom Buttercups, dot The Downland pasture Capering rabbits Bee season She asks me to listen To her fruit trees Summer rain The potted plants Push against the glass Lilacs at dusk Ready or not? Here I come Billabong, splash The next turtle climbs To the snags tip On her cheek An eyelash darker Than her own Frosted grass The new calves Butt heads First day of spring The murmuring pulse Of raven wings Coin in the mud Sinking deeper Heads and tails Window warmth Flies that came in yesterday Want out? Softly raining This planet has so many Mouths so many teeth Skyes softening The Pond ice Breaks from shore Spring flood The ache Of old loves Barn swallows Pop leaves the door Open a crack Role marks On the Mustang's neck Spring wind After the rain Smell! Of childhood Gray light Of the coming rain A raven's cry Life alone [Licking] The ladle The full moon Above a field of snow Staying up a while? Deep winter The sound of mail dropping Through the slot She shows me The first snow A finger on her lips Coffee to go A dusting of sugar In with my change Crow, caws A flow of sap From the maple trees Long thaw Porridge putters In a pan Almost spring The lace of my running shoe Trips me again Dryed apricots A comfortable silence Between us The worn away paint Of canted boats Geese winging in Aubergine clouds A peacock's shriek Deepens the gloom [Wootball rust] Stuffs the sink Whirling leaves Overcast day How does it go? That song about love Beach stones The weathered softness Of old jeans Autumn air The diminishing trail Of voices Stable downpour A forever stamp On the condolence card Autumn rain Buttoning the thirtysix Pearls on her gown Fog in the valley The cd she gave me Stutters A killdeer pretends Her wing is broken The smell of cut hay Summer day A census taker pushes The rusty bell The slight hesitation Before our sails fill Summer's end Spring breeze It's just not the same With open eyes Our house for sale Blends for apples That won't be mine Spring morning Ballons cover The vendor's face A line borrowed From another poet Spring rain High clouds The crane worker lowers He's himself A warbler Wiking the song In blossoms School closings The snowmen arrive Flake by flake The second opinion No worse than the first Groundhog Day Fat bellies Of sparrows February's extra day Winter sunshine A cockroach also comes out Of the hole Latewinter, twilight He comes home Without the dog Speaking my mind A log tumbles Out of the fire Winter night The slow circling Of the bar rag Finches flit Through dry stems Winter shadows Waking In absence Late winter A snow goose Cups its wings to land Curb of the shore Spring melt The susurration of water In the tea kettle Dispatched leaves A chaplain flips the pages Of his prayer book Gleaveal potholes A shrike returns To the cholla Rainy night The slam of his car door Brings a sigh A row of dryers Twirling their contents Longer days Churchgoers Ice floes drift together At the River's mouth Spring An airborne squirrel Openpawed Mother's bruises Turning purple Holy Saturday The long eyelashes Of the Easter pig Nightfall First warm day The training wheels Come off Coat hanger, rust On his church shirt Winter comes early Veterans Day It whips the way Wet flags do A rose hip Bright in the snow Pearl Harbor Day Christmas Eve Searching for the beginning Of the Scotch tape The reddeer herd Packed tightly together Winter sunlight Cut from driftwood A cross stands On the headland The church fills With smells of overcoats Morning, mist Her small hand in mine We scrape a rising tone From the metal bowl A misty halo Around the streetlight Smoking hoodies Morning quiet A thin skin holding The yolk intact Twistweed Kids on bikes In hot pursuit Spended shotgun shells Our legs find the rhythm Of the tracks Shades of Autumn The Gleaners come In ratgrey coats Wave after wave The godwits leave For Siberia Sunstreams The donkey's neck stretches In August, Barley Far away, thunder The polished rocks In the river Spirits On the painters brush Autumn Woods Sand covers The salmon bones Autumn begins Zhnes on its catch The rasp of an otter's breath Autumn, dusk Deserted trail My heart skips a beat Over a turtle Inside pitch Learning to pronounce New names Morning prayers Her hopi flutes stacked In the sunflower can Hospital window A fingerprint against The summer sky Long summer Another dog Snarls at me Lilyofthevalley The effortless dance Of butterflies Spanish guitar Leaf shadows flicker On the empty floor On vacation The sound of the inn Resolving Exam table My feet sway To an old song Hole in the footbridge I spit Straight in my face Rusty Gate The beaten track Of its swing Nearly spring A new facade For the bridal shop Daffodils In first grade, I played the one In Jesus Garden Small town garage Miss December Nineteen, ninety Navy housing She plants her garden In pots Two steers Rub their heads together Morning chill Sleety rain The flowered umbrellas Sold out Spring greening A teat for each piglet But one Hometown visit An urge to go full tilt Across the speed bumps Spring, dusk A camellia follows The curve of the moon A bare bulb Burning in the barn Winter fields Winter grasses A break in our Interconnectedness "Roading light flickers" I inch towards The dead mouse Idling bus The driver blows In cupped hands Long talk The sunny side of the street Has switched Cold Ocean Moon shards leap From waves to rocks Bedside watch A barn owl shrieks In the snowy spruce Winter morning I shovel the drive twice Waiting for the hearse Deep inside The city's sound Winter crows Snow Moon Two porch chairs Faced each other Regrets I've had a few Too much apple On the peel Colors change Telling jokes In a foreign tongue December sunset The red inside The mare's thin coat Withering wind A hurt with a name I can't pronounce Christmas dinner The Fifth burner Finally, ignites A moonlit pumpkin field In the rearview She fixes her makeup All souls day Zombies return To the costume shop What's left of my faith? Light from one star In a blue,black sky Firelight The hiss and crackle Of an old LP December rain The scooter bumps Room to room New coolness More neighbors know My dog's name School desk One name carved Deeper than the rest Moonlit shadows His hands find My dark places No voice But for the stones Autumn Brook Hazy Moon! Dad's walking stick Knocking in the trunk? Smalltalk A flock of starlings Solves on the fence Her due date The apple at the tip Tights the limb Corn, husk dolls She hardly remembers The old place Central Park After a jogger The Pigeons Group Autumn leaves The river picks up It's pace Morning yoga The curve of a lizard On the wall Thunderclouds The soft boom Of a bittern Strewn, Mimosa A carnival creature Snaps at the crowd Ripened corn I write the last line To my thesis A cockroach On the welcome mat Motel dusk Anywhere, sun Finds the creek Water striders Six o'clock news I magnify the world Of a praying mantis Lunch hour A whisper of pigeon wings Enters the conversation Wasteland? The dandelion head Easied of seeds Last night of summer The old cat and I Go out with the stars Traces of light The way back To the stars A bit drunk The sea Softly crashing A perfect circle Drawn in the sand My hand trembles Creed Moon Bare arms, brush Evening Primrose Mallard's drift In the pickerelweed Lazy afternoon Creek crossing Her hand in mine One rock at a time She calls To tell us she has news Dandelion breeze Red chili pepper I compare her calendar With mine letting the day take me A sea otter Floats on its back Low tide The metal detector Misse's Sunset Campfire Sparks Someone outside the circle Starts another song Unfazed By my problems The moon Horsetail clouds A biker shrinks In the open miles New Year's Day Waiting! For the wishbone to dry Snowflakes No two winters Quite the same The time it takes To thaw the breast milk Winter night Winter seclusion yeast froth rises In candlelight In the quiet Of a love scene Our cat purrs Decrystalizing The jar of honey January sunrise A howl Crossing the ice The moon Late in the day The hiss of water Boaling over Winter thaw The spilled seed, cool To the touch Gull's cry In a gunmetal sky The still water Circulating her grave A bitter wind Shifts the family The hedgehog Yet to Hibernate Rainmatted leaves Under her coat My shirt First snowflakes Almost winter The blind man's dog Looks at me Lamplit breath Floats along the shore Ghost stories Pecans falling We wait for our grandson To visit Church bell The smell Of snow The headstone's tilt At different angles Dustings of snow Flickering lights He notices my handwriting On the presents from Santa Harvest Moon Over an empty wheat field Gettysburg Just can't help it Correct the grammar Of the blues singer Full moon He asks if I'm ready To sing Dusky, nettlebed The stream just deep enough For ducks to dabble in Falling oak leaf Dance, Macabre Of its shadows Big city morning Shadows hiding My shadow Autumn clouds A Carly Simon poster Fades into Barnwood Honking Geese The jumble of pumpkins At a roadside stand Yellow leaves in the current A mink After a mink No way out Deaths at the door Demanding candy? Backstroke Her navel ring glints In the moonlight Second week Away from home Wild blackberries 'Like at dusk Iceblocks, resettle In my glass Old letters Flortsam on a river To the ocean City dweller The sound of the interstate I call the ocean Rain of stars The eyes of wishmakers Sparkle with hope Light shimmers On the undersides of leaves Smell of clay Shooting star Those things We tell no one Just inside The garden gate The first bench Old Orchard Beach Before I could think it Cassiopeia Rush hour, Hague The traffic warden swats away A cherry petal Clapboard house In the just plowed field Sundown First light The softsleep breath Of my newborn child gnats, gnats, gnats My bobber Disappealing Ladybug outbreak The wish I make Again and again Childhood home I dig out the roots Of a tree I planted A tributary Muddies, the main stream Middle of spring The unfading Sun in your face Amaranth Tipping rain The bull trudges Between tussocks Cormorants dive Waiting! Until my eyes hurt Snow Moon Brought Wrongwood Still on her tongue All I wanted To tell her Bare winter trees Pisces rising The big one Runs with my line My cold hands A scrabble of bird claws On the guttering Coffee perking A ray of sunshine streams In the rain Wintering Their different ways Birch and pine Huddled pigeons A taxi waits In winter rain Wild weather Something of it Refreshing in me Vernal, Equinox The tender shoots Of weeds Early chatter In the woodshed A cache of cones Jade Tea Cup The fallen leaves Of the poinsettia Snowcovered hills My sister and I coast In the new year Winter Moon Across the wall My long shadow City Zoo A wolf looks up At snow End of yuletide I harvest all the balls From the Christmas tree Dusk I'm just another glow Amid traffic Winter night I pick the last grain Of rice from the plate Expanding universe The homeless man looks For a place to sleep A train trip To Mongolia Winter stars Full moon chill In the green tomatoes A change of plans North Wind And the swirl of leaves This fire within The apples left In a leafless tree, a prayer For your lymph nodes First snow Still knitting? The second mitten Northern lights The feel of a planet Under my feet Missing the directions? On the GPS Indian summer Autumn afternoon Mother touches My thinning hair Veterans Day First red flower On the cactus Hosing the garden Off the carrots Thanksgiving A crow at dusk Ink sinks deeper In the page Toddler's first One small step Toward the moon in the window Autumn Moonlight A migrant worker sings His way home Smoke drifts From a fajita stand Plaza, autumn The right shoes In the wrong size October Moon Smell of balsam Forms of geese Held in the mist Sheen of apples In a migrant child's lap Her own dirty feet My mother braiding my hair I realize now How young she was? Walking alone My face Disassembles Rushing home As though you were still there Autumn, dusk Autumn leaves The songs we learn As children The Desert Stars I almost believe His forever A neighbors dog howls With the sirens Night heat The oceans roar On the forest hike My secondwind Dry thunder One yellow leaf trickles From all of the green Fucking seed pods The evening air heavy With party chatter Death Valley A man who's never been there Tells me all about it As great As the grizzly The fear Sand fishing The long shadow Attached to his heels Your cologne Liggers on my skin Day Moon Summer's end We topple a pyramid Of beer cans Coke cherries Press of my skeleton Through the flesh Thudding surf Her permission To be blunt Sequoia National Park I promise my grandkids They'll grow tall Lifeless Bumblebee The ground around it Darkens with raindrops Haston It tastes a little Of wild onion Anniversary An old dress on the line Fills with wind Gibbou's moon My son tells his part Of the story Nursing blisters At the halfway mark Soft, mossy rocks Cloudburst The sound of raindrops Changing size Summer night My cat speaks to it Through a screen Pulling The push door Vernal, Equinox The road disappearing In wetlands of mist I keep going The scent of turned earth Across seeded fields Twilight Hawthorn breeze The white Bob Of a rabbit's tail Spring wind Our dog barks Where I'm hiding? Wildflowers I cannot name Most of me Twin Lambs The ewe keeps watch Over the one, not moving Her note In my pocket Cherry buds The best conversations Are in my head? Rain on the windowpane May rain I stretch my body Over the whole bed Fishing Village A rumor of blues running Through the caf Summer wind We ask a younger couple Where we are Winter sun I look for something useful To do with my hands Iconic cobblestones The Tinsmith Stokes the forge Tangled In blades of grass Spring breeze I ask him again The honeybee burrows In thistle Home game Our wind In their flag Ledd On Larksong His coffin Orange Nasturtiums The stir of life In my womb Gooseflesh In the cold grass Crickets Her death bed The clacketyclackclack Of my homebound train He tells me the word I'm looking for Total eclipse Late autumn A doll that lost It's Sawdust Glearing candle A whole life lived without The Northern Lights Falling leaves The knot that makes Two lines, one Wetting fingers To pick up crumbs Insomnia A carpet of leaves I try to remember Her first smile Christmas Eve Candles flicker through Our wine glasses Summer's end The familiar scent Of the old Salt Cedar A Hummingbird Follows the falling leaf My friends untimely death Paper lanterns A white eggplant glows Undercover withered leaves Simmering rice grains In the pot Patter of rain The cricket Sticked in a minor key Milky way Morning glory Still some openings I haven't seen 911 Moment of silence The clicks Of a thousand cameras The only cafe Surrounded by trucks Harvest Moon Salt Marsh The runnels deepen Through cordgrass From one skyscraper To the next Emerging Moon cicadas buzz As we walk from the church White dresses Lightning strike The majestic poplars Creamy heartwood Aheads of roses What once was our secret? Now, just mine Mountain top The photograph of the view Before the view The big empty Half grass Half sky Trail dust All those years, Mother hiked Behind us Heat lightning A skunk's scent Wets the night air Late summer Waking to the vacant O Of the wren's house Faded roses Some of the words I can't take back Summer twilight The red ball runs The final wicket [Pedal Boat] I overtake A duck Rainbow His sketch stippled With droplets 3:30 am A single layer Of birdsong Temperatures flare The Xmark on the back Of a stinkbug Venus and Jupiter The barechested fireeater Taunts his crowd An arc of ibis Above the harbor Blue Sky Day Summer dusk A little milk Left in his glass Squad car At the neighbors again Distinct thunder Every word Breaking something? Haston's "Dream Road" A Buddha sticker On the stop sign In the tide mark A child's blue jacket Gull's cry Low tide Waiting for grandchildren To happen Azalea Bonsai The flower girl clutches Her first bouquet Honeysuckle The Hummingbird Presses in deeper Early summer Boys throw father's lures In Moonlight Sea anemone The baby's firm grip On my finger First birthday She reaches For the flame Summer rain The red earth Reddens Sheet lightning A grey cat flickers Through the grass Threeday, beard A large rock Divides the river Fow, blurring the hills To pass the time We reminisce High autumn sky I return a greeting From the dog Dusting over Dad's bowl of wheat pennies Late autumn light We talk Most of the rose petals On the table The barnacled flukes Of migrating whales Mountains lost in haze Far below Migrating Geese Follow the river Parting year Someone has died in the house With the shoveled walk All that sound From a single sparrow Winter morning Morning rain Secondhand smoke In an apology Morning fog On the coastal route Wild mustard Dragonfly pair Female so clear Through his wings Dusk With nowhere to turn sunflower midnight bus The door swings open To Moonlight Single track Coal cars Beat out a tune Shrinking shade A praying mantis rocks In the warm breeze Smell of sedge Coots settling In the reeds Late moon, Halo Fish scales reflecting On my father's blade The Hout's tail matches The turn signals beat Almost home Whistling to myself? The changing rhythms Of Marsh grass Ancient fir scar A banana slug pulls one eye Inward BlackBerry stains On the white sidewalk His urgent kiss Late summer talk The oil lamp smoke Going in circles Sunset The fishing boats closer To each other Cracked boulder An acorn Solves in Shelling almonds Bits and pieces of Childhood On the hammock Whilst back to its branch A butterfly End of summer The sting of a thorn Through my garden glove Essays to Grade A car stirs dust On the gravel road Cattail seed [Floatingthe Places] I would go [Wrinking bitumen] The beetle and I Reduced to a crawl Smell of grass A drop of sweat sizzles On the mower The smile In his voice Starshine Listening to the sound? From the deep well Stone on stone Poplar seeds All my dreams Coming true Long afternoon Here and there A butterfly's shadow Deodorant scent Tonight, love I am a spring wind Thistledown Drifting toward its shadow My friends last day Roots down deep Mud paddies, bake In the midday sun Summer dusk Watering the garden Then my feet Mountain Retreat A layer of dust On all the canned goods GreenBlack Sheen Of a rooster's tail feathers My neighbor's new car Closing light The whistles of Simpsons In the fringes of the wood Dead end street Bougainvillea overflows The chain link fence Broken screen The house finch Looks in At the entrance To the whistlepigs burrow Mountain Bluebells When you think? You've heard it all Brown, thrasher We both squeeze Through the kissing gate Thunderclap Desert wind A wire fence stretches To nowhere Dry spell The dust of sparrows Blocked by the wind An empty shot glass On the windowsill Evening snow Heavy going Through the waterlogged field Claypigeon shards A rainy slope Where legions fell? Thistles Wild mint In the spring forest A chance encounter Rocky Shore The trout on my line Pulls you closer Cabin fever Bullrushes bursting In the vase Shredred checks The Robin weaves my life In its nest Warm breeze New ivy leaves finding Their place in the sun Spring Moon From the street girl's hand A shadow rabbit Crabapple blossom The older twin always One step behind Temperature drop The way stars are A witness Swollen moon The sudden urge To push The fire's scent Linging! Morning Moon Cold snap Waking to the creak? Of house timbers Clatter of pipes When I turn the tap off Snowy night A Hawks cry I listen To the gathering dark How strange this human body? Not Queen Ann's Lace Not thistle Frigid morning The brittle echo Of a crow Winter evening My boy calls To say he's feeling better An ancient wick Casts shadows on the wall Mother's soft humming Milky way Maybe tonight I'll conceive Twinkling stars Again, we pass the house Well, never buy Wretched knee Trying not to speak Above the wind The geyser erupts For a moment I forget The smell of sulfur Conversation Above the kitchen, clatter Summer evening Stepping stones A dragonfly lands On my shoe Zinnias Why yes, my favorite? Was Harpo? The dog and I On the moonlit dock Scratching bug bites August evening Grandfather Whittles The light away This sky Too blue to last Chicago Vertical dive The ocean folds over A tern A stream begins In the middle of the trail Thrush beyond Thrush Daylong downpour Dressing the children For the exwife's wedding The longest day He still's the mower At twilight (Raspended sand) Each trough cradles The glint of shells Midsummer day Tilting a longneck All the way up Morning sun The honeybee's abdomen Pulses Haggling over price The frozen jaw Of a warehouse tuna Midsummer sea Silver ripples From an otters back Beachside CAF A bit of sand In the waiters ear Thunder A looping inchworms [Rhythmic slide] Every spring The same question Returning bees Sunrise A shoot half out Of its seed skin Splend scent of lilacs I wonder what he means By Paper cranes The yellow birch unpleats It's leaves Beachcombing A wave picks up and drops The sun's reflection Lantern Light The river slips Through our fence First buds The oriole sings It's love song From the secret place The mother dog With her litter Sundappled sidewalk Shadows of new leaves play On stains of the old Moonless night Foxfire where there was A forest road In blinding snow Sweet silage smell From a door left open Winter morning The flagdraped coffins Of a few Winter sun The last photographs In Mother's Album All day rain A whistle of wind Breaks the rhythm The ewe Nudges her lamb once more Ravens cawing More snow The nag of an itch I can't reach Thin clouds The ladle steams Above my bowl Rainlashed Valley The Rams wool matted Over his bones Bevy of sparrows A creek breaks It's winter banks A brown leaf Dangles among the buds The ambulance arrives The darkness Of longempty stables Quaker meetinghouse Threequarter moon The windmill rusted In silence Sunset and Moonrise If only I could learn To be faithful October, frost The tread of the landlord On crisp brown leaves Grandmother The stoop In her shadow Soldiers coming home Three wasps circle where The nest used to hang Click,Claire Of the bead curtain The sway of her hips A sioux tunic Brought with elk teeth Behind smudged glass Thin marsh ice My father attempts An embrace A sparkler, fizzles In darkness Year's end Ripening wheat He whistles The latest love song I don't know What to tell her? Brought mint Dog days Pulling off? [cockleburs] Summers Eve I turn the glider cushion To its clean side Late summer Crossing the memory Of a stream Beach, Cabanas Flapping in the breeze The sound of idle chatter Handshake Not a kiss Starless night Summer evening A cook in the alley points His knife at the moon Muggy evening A door slams shut In the dead man's house Sunset I absorb the stillness In the trees Stars begin to fade So much music From unseen birds Slow train journey A gull's shadow Takes the lead Wretched out day Rocks the river left On top Midsummer A speedboat slices The lake in half Scooching heat The shrilling of cicadas Pierces me Nameless falls A water ouzel At Rainbow's End Dead man's curve A screech owl veers Toward the river After each Turn of the page The fly Thunderclap The sun tea Darkens Secret campsite Refrigerated beer clinks In midstream First night out On their own My seedlings Spring breeze A mosquito in the sap Of a beaver stump Day after Memorial Day A rolling trashcan filled With flags Field stones The broadness Of the farmer's back Fraternity truce Beet seedlings In a crooked row Milkmoon My daughter, nurses Her plastic doll Spring hail The horse rolls its tongue Over the fencepost Market stroll Rotating a coin? In my pocket Summer solstice The long shadow cast By a plastic trex Swimmers At the middle of the lake Graduation night Hundreds of gulls Feeding their chicks He points at the dead one First warm day The woodpecker works A shiny stump Dark hallway An explosion Of cut, Lilac Wooted gloves A colourful bunch Of empty flower pots Next to the tracks An old bottle Catching Dawn? Years later Mist still gathers In the same hollow A tap On the shoulder A raindrop Town cannon A finch with twigs, vanishes Down the muzzle Night rain The bedroom fills With memories We let Our secrets out Enough nest Kneading dough A cold wind gathers Yellow leaves First, frost The birds that stay The birds that go Mother's keepsakes The questions I never asked Quilting Circle We rearrange pieces Of our lives Fishbowl Telling a child About death A handful of kindling In the fireplace Moving day Deep woods An old stone wall Urgered in leaves Making resolutions Puddles of fallen needles Under the pine House sitting The warmth Of my friend's cat Winter evening My boys Thin shoulders On a field Of ripe tomatoes The empty wooden crates Every place taken On the finch feeder September Rain Split milkweed pods Getting to know him At his memorial A leaf Its descent stopped By a child Wembley Stadium A blackbird sings To empty seats Labor Day Scraping mold off Government cheese Breath in! Breath out! Autumn Moon Autumn, dusk A fine layer of mist Over the cricket pitch First mouthful Of a warm cider doughnut Scarlet Hillsides Moon at the window I cut another eye From the potato Cabbage's starting To touch each other Latesummer heat Oars in Unison Slicing the river Slicing the moon Dimly lit porch The newspaper boy No longer a boy The storm's rain Rising as mist Wings of a barn owl A curlew Holds its second note Shadows lengthening Small town Hospital Sound of the typewriter Night time Moths queuing At the cash machine Late summer flowers The joy Of a good sneeze settlers cemetery An old yew creaks At noon Gleam of mudflats A snail retreats In its shell Honeysuckle Where you first hear? The river Rooking wind My little thoughts For tomorrow Ocean breeze A pitcher and his interpreter Walk to the bullpen Birdsong The neighbors light on At 3 am Sunrise The new calf fumbles At an udder Morning commute Sprinklers soaking The strawberry fields Dexterous fog The train evaporates In a distant horn First, swallow The calm of dawn Slips away Low sun A wren's song Spirale's Coats dripping rain We discuss Our addictions New Year's Dawn The dog waits beside His empty bowl Deep winter The thin bones Of her wrist Bone chilling Not enough night For all the stars Cool, march breeze Between faded tea towels Her frayed pink bra Nascent spring This warm loaf Of tengrain bread White walls White pills Another day Winter night The sound of mothers Sewing machine Winter evening A young woman smiles From the hair dye box First spring day Even out of doors I want to go out Daffodil shoots Undercover a bandage The cut begins to itch Unemployment line The autumn wind Fills with leaves Solitude Smoke from the incense [ thickens] A sunbeam Father's ashes The sea spray [Chucks my face] Christmas drizzle My children come home On different days Storm warning The inflatable snowman Lying low Lights from cities A passenger's shoulder Touches mine Bedside, Vigil Moonlight comes And goes Cusp of winter Passing into The Mountain's Shadow Minute of silence A single fir needle On the hardwood floor Winter fog The minute hand Sticked in place [craggy overlook] A tail swinging In the Hawks beak Dry patches On the schoolhouse lawn Remediate math Broken pavement She shows me The BlackBerry Patch One turtle's foot On another's back Labor Day Magpie season The schoolgirl's lunchbox On her head Dubious blade The way it opens up A peach After the funeral I rotate the chessboard With each move Moving day The children stick postage stamps On the bare kitchen floor Harvest Moon A soup chicken thaws In the sink Fog lifting My cat finishes A sparrow Fine China A dusting of pollen Over my tea Kite string Between Father And son House hunt Our dog inspects All corners Moving van The smell of fresh bread From a neighbor's kitchen Too late to take it back The purple spines Of the sea urchin Cell phone ringtone Again in the mix [Mockingbird] No one calls She gently dusts Her porcelain rabbits Early dawn The warmth of our son Between us The long day A bug Cleans its antennae Summer night Secrets escape through Open windows First day of spring Children risk marbles On the playground Chord time The boy ties his kite To the scarecrow Palm Sunday The birdwatcher Tiptoes out of church Prairie grass A mustang runs With the wind Memorial Day His name her reflection In black granite Easter eggs The multicolored faces Of the children Late for church From an open barn door The lowing of cows Blueeyed grass She asks If I love her In his woodshop My father is lost In the grain pattern New home Orienting myself To the sun Valentine's Day His dog drops driftwood At my feet Breaking the ice I tell the cattle It is almost spring Last day's of winter A jumble of tarnished silver On the sideboard Older suburb Tied through With wild plum blossom As I reflect On growing old Daffodils Winter twigs The buds forming At the scars Seed catalogs Garden plans grow around A toad house Open crocuses Wind lifts the feathers On a starling's throat Her third birthday [tulips bend] Under a light snow Waking up? Not alone Cherry blossoms Farmers market On the mangoes in the straw A strand of tinsel Pinging sleet She tugs tight Each stitch The bootprints end The brook keeps flowing In the deep woods Dark so soon A stand of pines With snowbroken limbs Warm from the dryer Summer clothes For the suitcase Christmas concert Mary keeps the beat On the baby Jesus Mouse sounds A chunk missing From the moon Town dump A bear just sits there In the falling snow Biting wind Our words fly Over each other's heads If purple We're my color Twilight snow First love The sterile flower Of Queen Anne's Lace Slow, slow, dusk Cicadas flood the pause Between apologies Caught In the revolving door Sunset Ocean, dusk A tattler hauls a morsel From the shallows First cold night The plumber swears In Polish Windy afternoon Two beetles manage to mate On the goldenrod Farm auction The green side Of a tomato The off season Leaves cover The Nude Beach A leaf In no hurry Indian summer Days shortening His childhood sketches Of dinosaurs Leaning trees Almost touch across the creek A doves flight display Sultry night The rhythm of oars Stroking the lake Clipping tags From luggage Summer's end Rolling in With the morning fog Seabird on a wave Mist into rain The drone of a small plane Blends with our chanting Headwaters The dippers shadow Follows its call Out of names We sit silent in the dark Among the stars Autumn, dusk The gates of the lock Close behind us Point: Reyes, lighthouse How the deep note travels? On the water School bell noticing her For the first time Chess in the park An acorn Topples a king Sandcastles New friends work on Old problems The child Blowing on a pinwheel The wind blowing on her Cracked soil A day laborer bent Over his shadow Distinct thunder A revolutionary cannon Green with age Summer night A smoker's cough and the clack Of mahjong tiles Sitting on the hill Of mom's pregnant belly The Lego Castle My kinfolk Don't say a lot Hemlock's all around Wildfire Vultures circling The outer thermal Blue Violets The coolness of evening Acknowledging the mountain As it stretches Back to Preen the sinews Of a swan's neck Ants working late In the afternoon sun A drifting contrail The milky way A glowworm reaches The tip of a rose Sultry afternoon Wingtip laces Work loose Deep in summer The river over and under My hair On the Sergeant's grave A wild jackrabbit nibbling grass Cabbage, Butterfly Floating in the breeze WASHING Day Big sky The sharp edge Of the spur Sunlit trampoline My grandsons bare Their chests Lightning The blue afterimage Of your white hands First light The beachcomber begins his rounds Graduation Day We hold hands more tightly As our son's name is called My baby's sigh The last colors Of sunset Negotiations The butterfly's wings Open and close What should have been said? How the sand pulls? From under my feet Temple grounds One finch Feeds another White butterflies Lost in the barley Lost in the wheat Long day The Lizard's hind leg Stretched too far Race weekend The worn paths To the restrooms Palm Sunday The sound of a frond Ripping Bearing down On a borrowed pen Do not resuscitate A slight shake of bells As the harness comes off Night snow Moonless night Children's muffled voices From the snow fort Winter sky A skein of wild birds Acerbates Blinding ice My saw releases The scent of pine Spring cleaning I never cared for the scent Of her letters His sax echoes In the walkway tunnel Warm wind A wildness Blowing through the neighborhood With the snow Cold morning A thin cat slips in The closing door The wrong side of town A paw print Collates water Cactus Bloom I decide to forgive Myself Cold spell The man at the ballot box Reading nietzsche Both parents In his room Snowy evening This cold night A child's hunger embedded In pixels Cold winter sky Intertwined branches Of an old Beaver Lodge The reddened snow Six ravens and a coyote Removing the elk Hard frost A dumpster's lid Slams shut The long sigh Of a pregnant girl December Wind Freezed solid Two withered leaves Overland Snowy Field A small creature's tracks Interrupted by wing prints A Russian winter Each book weighs several pounds On the kitchen scale Autumn, dusk I wave to a girl Waving to someone else? First time up this creek The dragonflies Won't keep still? Creed Moon The beaver shreds A lotus leaf Moonlit grass A farmer whistles catfish To the surface Our locked gate Earth stops the falling Leaves Pilfons, tilting In each other Misty rain A place under The willow tree Autumn rain Autumn, mist In the beggar's hand His empty stare Autumn evening Her seventh rejection Of my proposal Early frost A scatter of termites From tonight's log New motorcycle We pass through the scent Of someone's dinner Sunbaked grasslands The color in the wings Of blackbirds midnight The last firecracker Fizzles Romanian village When the dog has passed The rooster crows Autumn rain She lights her cigarette From his Dusty hike A snail also crossing The dry stream So dry The chaparral, partly woven In my socks The ragged bark Of a paper, birch His death day Mother mends her, Shawl With tobacco, twine Curing season End of winter The flannel sheets Wretched smooth Spring cleaning Our cat curled up In the giveaway box Downpour Two blackbirds bathing In cherry blossoms Bullfrog eyes Half out Dusk moon Carpooling I discover my colleagues Passion for Lilies My teenager Folding paper, Samurai Spring wind Gathering clouds The rusty tractor In a deep rut "Sale bubbles" From a child's wand Spring breeze Long,stay Ward A forged signature On the Mother's Day card Quaker meeting A breeze passing From tree to tree Casting stitches? On a circular needle New Year's Day Below zero Verbalizing My self talk Lullaby lyrics The graceful curve Of a snowfield Deep winter The lemon seeds also Stricted in half Cinderella toast My boys warm From their beds After soup The warmth Of the bowl Iconic rain The clatter of teacups On a wobbly cart Longest winter The potato basket [Elevated] Snow Moon Steam rising Off the milk, Paul Low winter moon Just beyond the reach Of my chopsticks Slightly chill From across the lake Another loon First autumn Without mother The leaves Before, dusk That thin strip of light Under the clouds Falled leaves My old dog Finds his way Thanksgiving Holding a bite Through the prayer Mountain stream Two stone bridges Joined by Mist Last leaves fall The warmth of his voice Deep in his letters Voting Day Crows on a cedar bough Shift their weight First, frost The smell of dust Burning in the ducts Christmas Eve Cracking walnuts for his son And his dad Veranda Railing A magpie stares down The dog Early morning sounds The stench of the cattle truck Before it arrives Setting sun The old man catching fish And letting them go Autumn Wind Unwinding summers Entanglements Forest tree Liecht bypasses An old wound Between fence rails A little boy explains cows To the cows Heat lightning A beggar outside starbucks Shakes his cup at me Summer's last hour A yellowjacket settles In my garden glove Mountain Lake I paddle the moon path To your cabin Leaden Sky This dead finch Weights nothing Sunrise at the pier Calamari, fishermen Bowing to the sea Late afternoon sun Pigeon's land On all the heroes After fireworks The last croaks Of roosting egrets First love We mark our boundaries With river rocks Car ride The child draws A silent story Drifting up In old aspen trees The sound of checkers Changing his angle Changing his song A thrush at dusk Fast moving clouds My grandson finds stones That fit his hands Sunwarmed room The patina from his touch On the hand, drums A year Wired away Dust on luggage At the corner The shadow Splits in two Enoughing my bag The pebble makes me Think of the hill again A faint groove Round my ring finger New moon Spinning The canyon wind California Condor Such stillness I absorb the sound Of creaking bamboo The glitz An ant carries Morning sunshine The sparkle In our conversation Sunshine on her knees His face shaped by the speed Of his bike Morning meditation A moth Works the room Country graveyard Confetti In the grass Waking up? The lightest speckle of rain On the lake Bird song The widening span Of my son's hand Spring morning The art of walking beside Someone much older Mist under the bridge The drifting shapes Of hobos Church graveyard From somewhere close The fragrance of lilies At the centre Of constant ripples A Moore's Nod Early spring The young boy's spinning Till they're dizzy Graveside My breasts Leaping Waxing moon! The sound of a butterfly Emerging Spring rain Her finger shushes My lips Mile high Adding my breath To the clouds What do I know? About the untethered balloon My daughter's embrace His ashes Turning into the current The turtle's ears Early morning Klee sets in the shade Of the old shed Early warmth In the backyard, a flicker Pokes among rocks That dull gleam Through the Haky Park A playhouse window One maple leaf End over end on the sand Without a trace Everywhere this morning Maple keys soaking in The gentle rain Summer Dawn Light around the windows As at grandmothers Hump and screech The long freight pulls out In Robin's song Restless pigeons Gentle words from a clerk Bring a hint of tears Creed Moon Would I look at the clouds? Without it How to tell? Of the myriad rich browns Pinoak leaves Persons and place To view the moon Sake not quite full Santa, too Passed away on this date Wine with my tears Long road The leaves and I Windblown Sunshine The colours Of the hill Temple steps His shoes In the autumn rain Yard Yard Pine What can I do? With all these crows His lanterns glow Pushing back the dark Frog song Ebb tide The heron steps In twilight Daybreak A migratory bird's feather On the path Love A kigo for all Seasons A memorial bell Tolls, tolls and stops But his words Blue Dragonfly Pine needles cover The narrow path The Mountain Pine Holding the light Held by it Bill's day Draw the letters In Aspenglow A little cold And without the bright fish This golden pond Gray, October The poet's voice Outlives him Full moon And so my thoughts Turn to you Vest pocket park The leaves a little Less brilliant At his passing A ripple in the river Of stars Misty shroud Leaves falling Between the rails Sunset fades From the highest peak Autumn chill Higginson's haiku Still among the living The autumn wind A teacher's passing Moonlight bathes The apple tree Another light Now Among the stars A gentle breeze ripples Everywhere, his words Leaves on grass Opening his book The world he offered Tumbles out Beyond emptiness The moon filling itself For certain Autumn evening Adding another star To the milky way Prayer flags The autumn leaves carry The blessings to you Cloudy day The janitor misses A fallen leaf Surf murmurs The basso continuo Behind the dunes This fragility White cranes laced In the air Dry autumn The fading vibrance Of a spider lily Hard to tell you How I feel This late autumn sky Petrified Forest A stone axe echoes In the sky Autumn Gino One by one In m'est Harvest home A red nasturtium Heads for the stars A single breath The ember Comes to life Leaving us in autumn Leaveing behind him? The blossoms to come Ebbing tide A bright shell caught By the current Tree leaves fall As the long journey begins A fading hymn White hydrangea Dying In white light Insect chirps Linging low on the ground The later moon Heavy fog The mountain still back there Out of sight What a silence And nobody's around To share it with Migrating birds I hear his voice in the wind Toward Nirvanna Blue roi A thousand flying foxes Quarter Moon Walking alone The filtered sounds Of the hototogisu Dusk A halfripe, Melon Frees itself from the vine Patter of raindrops In autumn leaves The season's turn His passing The small fir collects Falled leaves Starry night A worn phone number In the handbook Morning frost A monk's chant Crosses the river Stalagmites A passel of school children Up ahead Autumn leaves In the book she gave me An old library stamp Autumn gust The starling's wings Tilt in Unison Withered Juniper Mother's hair Since the nursing home Village Temple Kids behind the gods Playing hide and seek Through endless rain The whistle Of the paperboy The taste of cider When fallen leaves begin To overlap Trusing shoppers The bell ringers Prosthetic hand Winter solstice Smoothing a folded corner In my library book A single bubble After the beaver dives The Rising Moon The gardener And his scarecrow The same hat Crows, swagger Down the middle of the road Summer's end Starting school tomorrow He talks to trees At the Woods Edge Labor Day A spot of barbecue sauce On the face of my watch Summer's end Two flies fighting Over me Old blue car The ease Of summers last days A still starry night Train tracks Wet with Dew Scudding clouds The snake as long As my sleeve "Stupid speech" This black and white butterfly In none of the field guides Thundercloud Blue veins down to the heart Of the gentian Sunburst Bits of river Through the Mangroves A whiff of kelp As I clear out the trunk Summer Moon Spotlighting outlook Each step reveals More grasshoppers Jasmine in bloom termites swarm From their nest Bark butter A nuthatch Works the edges Mountain slopes Getting wet as I walk Through clouds City bus stop The boy squats in the shadow Of his pregnant mother So many ways To see the world Snake in the grass Haloed Moon The Hawker twirls His glow bracelets Summer Dawn The cat brings the rain To bed Summer stars Hot buttered corn On our smiles Summer Brook Perfect skipping stone On the other side Rain on summer sand A child writes The dead pony's name Wet sand The summer wind Set our pace Peach season Friends come to visit Our tree Coffee shop Hearing his name In someone else's conversation Fatherinlaw's death One gardenia petal Falls in the rain Share wire In the lime tree A bird song Rolling sunset The dark side Of a wave Goldfish In the graveyard pond Spring sunshine Family reunion Chachalacas, shake The branches Dusk The last calf Solves into the herd Morning rain A handful of strawberries Just as cool Beach walk I shift a coconut From hand to hand Warming breeze The barber's pile of clippings A little bigger Evening traffic Rubber lizards for sale Still on the pavement First summer rain The bride and groom pause In their dance Tin roof Two doves, settle In a groove Village bells The sunwarmed odor Of cattle Museum dusk Mannequin, soldiers Hold their ground Nestbuilding A magpie sings With its mouth full Softly the quail From their crowded crates Grease the dawn April The shadows Bloom Spring book signing The poet's pen Skips Plum blossoms Vitamins strewn Across my plate Magnolia in full bloom A new tingling In my breasts Angle of repose A hermit, Thrush Fills the valley Songbirds in the dark The sound of my sister's voice When she lies The downpour ends First one, Peep Then another The first bird To break silence Hour of the wolf Icesnow The stab marks Of her pronged cane (Failer Shadows) The storyteller's head Fills the ceiling Moonless night The splinter deep In my finger Deep winter The splinter begins To fester Rain turning to snow A beggar in the subway That no one believes Winter stars We all hunt For his belt Winter Beach The size of gulls Up close Winter sun The iv pouch Buckles Home Village Nowhere to visit But the graveyard Cigardas The double Dutch girls Take five Owing skins In the kitchen sink Leaves raked and piled Warm rain Batman rides On Daddy's shoulders Frost melt The pewit Speaks its name Late November No leaves to break the fall Of heavy rain Apples in the grass An empty swing sways From the branch Falled leaves Around the maple Do I have to go home? Morning chill A child's shadow Moves thru mine That kind of day The wind at my back Most of the time Almost sunset My husband humming a tune Of his own Breakfast alone Except for that cricket Behind the fridge Flailing log Your words carry me Across the river Autumn, Equinox A crow on the wire Reverses its grip The same hilltop But on the other side Of summer tug horn A cloud shadow Puts out to sea Rain on Cedar shakes After long silence An old friend speaks Desert breeze The clay jugs broken By shadow Billowing clouds The mill's overshot wheel Dark with Moss Binding ahead Over mountain roads The full moon Autumn Wave The hiss Of tiny pebbles Arbor gate Turning sideways To avoid the thorns Beach sunrise "Bland crawls" Crab by crab Late summer Echo of a motorcycle Buzzing in the tunnel Butterfly House Our voices Float in whispers Vegetarian daughters Fingers stained Turmeric Heat lightning Through a stuck Screen door Oprahilous heat Tossing ice cubes To the junk yard dog Lovers down the beach Turn out to be driftwood Storm Shelter A girl and her mother play It'sybitsy spider Two caterpillars Crossing paths Summer's end Morning sun Cherry petals drying On a turtle's back Young green poplars Recalling? That kind of intensity Roadside Huddle Of thatched roof huts Earthy rain scent The sweet peas Begin their climb Solstice Wild Roses The farm wife, Shears A gravid, Ewe First warm day Harry's gleam The length of the diner Budding maples An updraft Of goldfinches Manhattan skyline My son is getting married Tonight Whets uprooted The Earth Under my fingernails Mountain View A rush of perfume From the Seniors Tour Bus New Year's Day Our neighbor's boots In the mud room After all The cell phone calls The pine A few heads, nod As a vision is retold The candles flame A winter sun Drawn in yellow crayon The children's ward Split white birch A beavers wake Reaches shore Winter night My wish Still among the stars Word of a death The clarity Of winter sunlight Mud month A line of Fox tracks Divides the field Morning warmth A boy stretching his step To match dads Hiroshima Day Multicolor threads On the weaving machine More footsteps The broken branch Breaks again One deep breath For a moment, the pine Is part of me? Beginning of summer The heart of the watermelon Saved for last Oprahilous heat A road crew rakes hay Over grass seeds Dry thunder The sound of sparrows In sunflowers Church picnic "Grass butterflies stirred up" By my skirt, hem Ebb tide The curve of the beach Brighter Spring afternoon The schoolchildren return To the dead squirrel Evensong An upturned snail shell Brimming with rain Cardinal pair The girl I never asked To the high school dance A spider comes out To bundle it's catch Evening rain Spring sun Her urn gathers The whole family A drifting cloud The line of frog eggs Twitches Fado, love song Dust bunnies swirl Ahead of the broom First of spring The mail carriers Knives Mother's Day One set of footprints Along the beach Hands On the balcony rails Summer morning Afternoon stillness A dragonfly touching Circles in the pond Stomaching An iron pill Autumn, melancholy Log fire! The landlords Reindeer nose Passing headlights Snow gathers on The horse's back Crocuses bloom The old woman on the bench Swings her feet The Bonfire embers Smoulder on to sundown Honking Geese The empty barrel Still smells of apples November snow Evening snowstorm A tinful Of unsharpened pencils Two crows In a headwind Skittering leaves Old dog gets up Just to lie back down End of winter Billowing clouds Trailing the tractor [Windrows of hay] [ Chatter] In the outfield Katydids Evening shadows A crow This side of the haze New girl at school Maple pods Twirling endlessly The river of heaven My body Drifts away A gang of men Followed by others The ripe grain August night The crack of the bat Sends a chill Moonlight On my hands The smell of parsnips Starlit sky A touch of dampness On the scarecrow Autumn in the park A soprano saxophone Merges with the night Tire marks On the neighborhood street Evening heat Hot summer day The shape of a bicycle That's been run over One tree Downhill from the others The limit of shadows Watermelon Moon She pedals slower Closer to home Drivethru exit A onelegged gull waits To take my order Heat wave A crow follows The train tracks Midsummer heat Prayer flags fade On temple trees Summer waters The slack In each line Linging twilight A water dragon's tail Dangles in the pool midnight Another ping from The empty pop can Bayside picnic Trying to favour The onelegged gull Family reunion Memories of the way It never was Old friends A rustle of pea pods "Against the fence Beach Festival A child pats the damp In her castle wall From the lookout Mountain after mountain Ant on the gravel path Heat storm The weight of his hand Almost touching mine The secluded creek Of our childhood Still deep in places A flipflop In the middle of the street The heat Starless night I crush the emptiness From a soda can The wide blue sky Following behind An orange tractor Purple almond tree Today, I'll not forget Where I parked the car? All the answers In the back of the book Summer solstice Morning clouds The Swan Waddles Over a shallow part Outdoor market Caged parakeets hang With the chickens Girl in a meadow The random flight Of a swallowtail Last day of school Lessons clapped From the erasers Maple trees On the verge of summer Wanderlust My garden gloves Streited with dirt Meeting a monarch Hut in the woods Small teeth, marks On the toilet soap The sigh I heave Forsythia Visiting artists? All over town Cherry blossoms Spring morning Women at a village well Tease the new bride Stable drizzle Stroke by strand A Robin's nest A female mallard Leads two drakes Spring morning Once again The scent of lilacs Mothers call to supper Downpour Puddles swirled With Pollen Spring breeze The cat bats a few Feathers around Mortgage paid off Thatch from our yard In the robins beak Sunlit dew The cock pheasant circles His threestrong harem Early dusk An inch of snow On a half inch branch A dancer All her life Winter Moon Bare branches A swishing broom Finds its rhythm [Darned by dinosaur skeletons] A teen With all the answers Science fair My Amyllis bigger Than his Storm over Her headstone Above the snow Church bells and snow I read that, Chekhov Belonged to be a monk Winter drizzle A sprinkling of sea salt On warm pretzels The crows Louder than usual Deep morning, mist I'd almost forgotten it A seeds hunger For the sun Halloween She asks to borrow My hippie jeans Timber train A thought about Auschwitz Behind our backs The sounds the ocean Covers up Evening news She files her nails Down to nothing The sound she makes When she catches her breath First snow Babar A forgetmenot Between wrinkled pages An eagle sighting The frailty In my father's hug Slow driver Is he watching? The Hawk Dust clearing The miners lamp beam catches On a splintered timber Open range Leather creaks In the cold dawn Equinox Splitting the last tomato With a jackknife High autumn days The morning glories open To whatever comes A couple kissing Not even moonlight Between them The drift Of a nearby conversation Autumn leaves Full moon Her updated version Of the future Dawn, frost A screech owl finishes The hunt One corner, then the other Of my book Blacktip, dragonfly Edge of the reeds A rattlesnake pair [ tails whispering] New love The ripples of a braid Undone Memories The smell of matches Fills the kitchen Distinct peak A tumbleweed overtakes The shadow of a cloud We pick The last blackberries Her freshly blonde hair Book chosen Another title tips In the empty space Waking up all night This room is too close To the moon Listening For the cat door Autumn Night Lakeside Drive One more time around The radio dial Culdesac The knifegrinder rings in Summer's end Almost dark A fountain Lifts the rain Silence between us The sound Of a candle Windcarved sand I crumble a bayberry leaf To bring her back The falling snow Turning the snowman Back into snow 4th of July Congealed ketchup Around the cap The easy stride Of seersucker Father's Day Where night? Pulls away White Irises Humming oldies Talk of the future From the back seat Thing a coat Over my shoulder Cloudless sky Distinct thunder She draws teardrops On her doll's face Enough sunrise A small window In an old hotel Warm winds The kites string Almost straight Southern breeze A goldfinch drinks From the air conditioner Nearly twilight The blowsy petals Of spent tulips Jasmine First, the perfume Then the buzz Redtailed Hawk Sundance warms a thicket Of mesquite Spring noon The construction crane Lifts a crow Sparrow fledglings The old man points His walking stick Spring sun An unfinished word On the todo list Tidal, surge The shag's wings open For the wind to dry A second plowing The black mud Lit up by egrets Missing steeple Crows, settle In a hemlock tree The horned moon A grub in one hand A seed in the other Frozen morning A pansy's blue face In the leaf litter Spring The pause before She pulls a sapling The sidewalk ends At a high stone wall Dandelions Tea house A small leaf Blacken's a tooth Apples in bud A white lie About her complexion heirloom seeds A young woman kneels In the garden First warm day She asks me if I still Want a divorce? My downed kite Following its string To a stranger's door The cool kids Walk armin'arm Wild Narcissus Awash with fog The wheelless Wheelbarrow Pacing myself To the trot of the dog An April evening Spring sunshine The friendliness of the girl Who serves me? First warm day The bodybuilder Makes his pecs dance End of winter I place a phone call To another time Redwood, sorrel buds Beyond the missing bridge The vanishing trail Early morning sun Steam rises from stumps Packed in the clearcut Easter Egg Hunt Grandma hints where The purple one lies A long road The spring wind In my lungs Winter sunrise Blinking! Between the boxcars Storage closet The dead spider As fine as it's web Waiting! For the rice to boil Winter Moon Woodburning stove Toiled boots Prop each other up Winter noon A branch drips On its shadow Snowed in Opening the lid Of my breadmaker Last of the sun The letter of apology Half written Winter sunrise The crack In the barn door A clump of soil shaped by his grip Late winter sun Snowmelt A raspberry cane Spring's back Winter Aquarium Maybe I should have stayed In my home town Sun in the pines The awkward cadence Of Father's voice Alone at the beach Cones of bent pines So low to the ground Snow Moon The blue shadow Of a bare birch Ice Storm He traces my scars In the dark Snowbound Collecting rent On boardwalk Dying light My snow shovel's scrape Answers another Deep winter Rooks, call other rooks Through the dusk Sketch pad No color For snow Late night Sounds this house makes Only in the winter Rain turning snow The doctor begins by describing Treatable conditions Geese That stay Winter rain Office windowsill A geranium petal Drops into a file Cold Moon Marrow bones simmer In the pot Hospice hallway His visitors talk about Someone else Funeral The wind Hushes the priest First winter rain I drift into dreams Of my childhood Giving up Her secret ingredient Last round of scrabble Quiet fall of snow The park, Mike's wall Is breached? Still morning Birds on the roof ridge Every which way Wild Geese The Border Guards Lower their weapons Fisher's Memorial Bits of driftwood Roll in the surf Estate sale Her paintbynumber, Christ Half finished Airport Terminal The sparrow's flight From gate to gate Through the storm Knowing The mountain is there Turkey shoot Young boys slip through 'Climps of men Woodsmoke An heirloom photo of someone No one knows A garbage can In the middle of the street Deepening autumn A new light On the dashboard Evening rain Falling into The longest night Fresh snow Starlit sky Cicadas, keening sounds Surround us The cat Right where I left him Haloed Moon Cicada, dusk Trouble in the sound Of my mother's voice Leaves turning She still smiles when she sees me After all these years Barbed wire Sagging under its load Of bare vines New wine Adobe walls In shadow Moon moth Infant fingers, brush The breast The hush After starlings, lift Autumn sun Sweetness Oozing from a fig Indian summer The first bare trees A flock of blackbirds Turns back the clock Half moon A firefly pulsing In my shadow's heart Light rain The red rose Overflows August heat Broken egg shells In the gator's nest Seashells I sort through My childhood Salt water, taffy A long line of cars on the bridge Heading back? Lavender field Stopping my car To let the bee out Sunlit, riffle Overnight, the Osprey clutches A wet, Glen Withering blossoms Clay takes shape On the potter's wheel VJ day An old man with a balloon Tried to his chair End of summer Twistweed, trapped In barbwire Grand Canyon All I know I don't know Vedic chants A heron glides to a rock In the misty lake Hightension wires Hum above the prairie A few drifting clouds The smell Of a crushed beetle Things that don't change Midlife My car radio On scan Morning lotus The pool umbrellas Still closed In the sun Where eyes can't follow A red tailed hawk Dwarf The prayers she knows By heart Farmers market An earwig, Burrows In the pennies Broken clouds He rearranges The squirrel shield Trying to make Myself understood The sun in a spoon A length of rope Knotted with seaweed Pull off the tide Moonlight, swim I sink in my shadow And come up in his A small cave Only children's footprints On the sandy floor Wahened by rain The scent Of bruised mint Ulysses, butterfly The satisfaction Of knowing its name Amusement park [odors melding ] With the sea Vacation, who'dunit? The perforated shadow Of my straw hat Wave after wave No one I knew As a child remains Still No answer The stars Slicing apples In the dented pan Howl of the wind? On the roof With a row of mops soaking up the sun Thoughts of youth The furthest peak Through my slingshot Hungry of autumn A blackbird almost To two octaves Frozen rain A vendor takes the lid off His makeshift oven Winter solstice Steam from the squash Released from its skin Paying the last bill On the kitchen table Winter solstice Christmas Eve An old cement foundation All that's left Thanksgiving Looking at photographs Of the great depression The sound of Geese Resting on the water Evening snow Bulge of my feet At the bottom of the quilt The long night A light flurry Carol Singers On fast forward Snowed in Fire wraps Around a log October light I open my ribs To pray Migrating birds My father sends the next son On his way Billowing skirts By a soldier's grave Autumn deepens Carillon Bells A wedge of cranes Flying south Amber light The time it takes A leaf to fall Remembrance Day Traffic sounds crisscross The bagpipes That grassy knoll Pigeons explode In flight Fall equinox Stapling the handmedowns In equal piles I skirt around A stone cutter's rhythm Autumn Sunset Almost evening The paper vendor sleeps On old news Hometown visit I fill my pocket With acorns Playground swings A strong wind replaces The children Field mice Forage the corn bin Harvest Moon Bottoms up That amber glow Of autumn sun Dark September Day Stillborn given a name For the funeral No, cicadas No double dutch Park bench peeling A rusty still By the dry creek bed Blood moon rising My bare feet Among heron tracks Ebb tide A smear of stars From Horizon to Horizon The loon's necklace Summer house The key sticks When leaving Nameless longings A floating seed Eludes my hand Valet playground The shadow of the swing Wanders off Thin moon A harrier hawk Working the field End of summer The sheep, the color Of parched grass First, cool night I dream of knitting Firefly sweaters Tabby Harvest Women in Lamplight Tide the quilt Rural school The shy smiles of children Waiting for the bus Cottonwoods Over a slow stream The heat His 44th Water that doesn't run back In the ocean More war dead An uprooted tree Rides the storm tide Gray afternoon A ladybug escapes The storm window Vivialdi Olive leaves, ripple Silver Summer sky My father counts the black faces On my road Venus rising A coyote trap Snaps shut In the season Of wandering dragonflies My urge to roam Storm clouds Hearing the pauses In the Katydid's song Night of fireflies Fishing lights Off the island Reaching Where the hose won't? Summer rain Slow night The flycatcher sizzles Over the door A squeeze of the hand And we stand among them Croaking toads The August Hayfield Raked into windrows A dipper of water Drawing a heart The wet sand Between my fingers Sultry evening The pizza receipt clings To a beer bottle Moonlit Pond He lifts his child above The threat of frogs Adobe Wall A row of pots Fill with light Summer grasses A golden fuzz On the blowfly's belly Fireflies The dreams I had As a child Taking the short way The toes of her shoes Damped with dew Wind surfing Gulls, hover Over the wipeouts As girls we watched Heat lightning across the bay Only now the thunder Under the rainbow A hundred cows with One expression Distinct thunder My daughter's laughter On the carousel Milky way A stream of termites From the woodpile Sky of no clouds Sand from the Shaman's hand Conjures a rainbow Fishing With Dad again The ripples Teenagers Holding up a wall? First, dandelion leaf Dawn breeze Leaf shadows On her freckles Echo Of the pileated's call Wavering lake reflection Sunbeams The crows slow sideshuffle Down the wire Strawberry picking I stumble Over my past Chicago Chatter All the people peripheral To a life Morning prayer A whitethroated sparrow Opens with song Marmorized weather Gulls in free fall Over the ocean Twice swept out Twice blown back A doves feather Birth book A toddler scribbles In the blank spaces Darkening clouds I press cold Earth On tulip bulbs Dawn on Dal Lake Emerging from the mist The flower boat Spring grass The rounded rump Of an angus steer Washing trays? That held rice seedlings A song from the river First steps The scent of earth Clings to her shoes Wood anemone Only the hare And I First warm day We check the mountainside For wild goats Smell of lilacs My dog waits for me To catch up A fishing fleet Hanging in the clouds The spring horizon Ravens cry All the partings Still to come The warm glow Of living rooms One of them mine Sleet Storm The bare tree branches glisten With grackles Sound of the dog Getting through? To the marrow Moving day The old dog paces The empty rooms Winter sunset An aerial rattles With magpies [Neases of Rain] The talk show guest Addresses my problem Midmorning An icecrack, Ricciochets Across the river Rain patter On the windshield Second lie Winter sunset On the surf line [Jackfish Globes] Escalator Out of the subway Snowfall Dark comes early now We speak of the children We didn't have Winter morning The stray cat returns With a wound Lullaby She reaches To feel each word The stump chewed To a fine point Winter lodgings The last commuter Scraping windshield ice Orions belt Tenement clotheslines Sinking lower Winter clouds Prayers and hymns Echoing from long ago Sundance on a pew Long night The smell of Euucalyptus On a baby's chest Icy morning The twists and turns Of a childproof cap First snow The snug fit of spices In their rack Pensioned Filling the days With late tomatoes Summer's end The mother of the bride Holds an empty hat box Evening light The heron takes A new stance Sundown The sound as he scrapes Mud from his boots Late afternoon light Through the window blinds A drift of leaves Evening cricket Sniff vines disappearing In other beds Halloween Catfish, Bob For ripe persimmons Hazy Harvest Moon The face I met When our skin was smooth Mackerel, sky A concord grape bursts Between my teeth She leaves The gate open Indian summer Autumn, dusk A man standing too long On the street corner Moonlit night Through the storm door The raccoon's face Falling leaves I whisper my secrets To an old photo Evening heat Sifting through the screen door Their laughter Patio dinner Our plastic chairs Slowly chill Autumn air Two crows on the roof, move Closer together Fow with rain The usual junk In our mailbox Autumn rain A baseball card softens In the bicycle spokes Exchanging pleasantries While hammering Crab shells Shorter days Kink in the end Of a lizard's tail Morning fog He closes all the windows I just opened Saying goodbye The fence we painted Face to face Football practice The coach perfects His game voice Cottonwood rattle The word "lesslessness" Of his final days Hillside Cemetery All gravestones Face the view Blue sky The love I never had Lily of the Valley She hangs her bathing suit On a branch Cicada song The slow drift of creek foam Long into the night Summer Moon A Willow's shadow Dapples her grave Biting into cucumber The mountain wind Touches my cheek Golden Sun A gong resonates Through bamboo Lazy river Drifting toward the equinox On an inner tube Windows open The sound of summer In all the rooms Beantalks The kids want Taller stakes Suncatchers In the shop window She smiles back Long afternoon The ceiling fan Turning the wrong way Summer rain Smell of lavender In the mop water Am I so old? The sound of leaves Winning rain Father's day walk The pace Of the smallest grandchild Dappled sunlight Men, group around Their frothy beers Silence after thunder The new neighbor calling in Her children Through the sick boy's straw The loud emptiness Of his milkshake glass Longest day The smell of chemicals In the waiting room Water colors I paint the spaces Between waves Ruffling My found feather A breath An old flame The boat nudges Spended cattails Hot day A crow makes The Hawk flap Rows of corn? The farmers Bad posture Surf's Edge The shape of wind In her hair Lilies in bloom I launch the boat In another place Lily pads Not touching noon heat Big sky A pronghorn Hops a fence Storm clouds The cow's belly Rumbles Sunset The cuckoo repeats His morning song Summer dusk I douse the young fig tree With today's dishwater Fireworks The teenagers [whisper] City fireflies I don't know which window Is yours? Daybreak Mayfly wings On the cat Evening calm A cricket appears On my windowsill Meteor shower Turtle hatchlings Head for the sea Flickering buzz Of the pool hall sign Summer night The short night Sleeping on top Of the covers Long morning shadows Half shells flipped over By the tide Birdsong A blind child touches My smile Flowering clover Slows my mowing Bee after bee Big top A white moth passing Under the trapeze Amid placards Pigeons settle For crumbs Channing the puppy Pursuing the wind White butterflies Clipped grass A rabbit keeps an eye on Saint Francis Summer camp Children play With sunlight Longest day A mosquito finds My ear Evening news Each cloud carries Part of the Sunset Leaden Sky The sharp angle Of the swallow's turn Old car graveyard Mama moves her kittens To the back seat Colors of flowers I promise the children She's in heaven Spring cleaning She pauses a while At the bay windows Afternoon shadows Temple stones Stripped and numbered No man's land A boy flies a kite Above rubble Grown wild The spot where I buried The last of my pets Funeral flowers Bright, pollen staining The fresh linen The Aegean So blue This wild, Anemone Bristlecone Pine Older Than our religions New Year's Eve Riding velvet The wrong way Winter Moon A smudged fingerprint On the inkstone White Dawn The calf's breath On the udder Magpie nestlings Redgum widowmakers Creak in the wind Gray skies A kestrel Cries, it's kill Fireside A piece of jigsaw Slips into place Waking beside you? The room glows With snowlight April, sleet Oathoin sticks To the pot Light rain The open beak Of the bird Whistling back to them? I can't find the right key Tree frogs City dusk The warmth Of an AMT booth Blaming At some point, the rain Became snow First snowfall A chirp to remind us The battery's low Midnight Mass The stained glass infant glows From within Quiet, twilight Grandpa, prunes thin limbs With his pocketknife Full moon The static In his touch Longest night The death poem Rustles Moonless night Our neighbors telephone Rings and rings Dead of winter Relighting The pilot flame Calling home The color of mother's voice Before her words Lifting fog The wingwhistle Of a mourning dove The comfort Of her conversation Gentle rain Foam flowers The pull of sand under My inner child Salmon ladder The surrounding trees stuffed with eagles At the goldfish grave We form a circle Of river stones Sixth anniversary Acorns between the cracks Of the deck boards Autumn Twilight My breath in and out With the waves Border Collie Rounding up The tide The hooked fish's Last gasp It's eye on me Autumn, mist Wrapped In Grandmas Shawl Silted River An old doe turns To face the flow Incessant rain A book from a library That no longer exists Spring rain The door to the cuckoo clock About to open A onewindow shack And sunflowers that sway The short twilight Warm, evening breeze The cemetery gate Still open A monitor Measures my heartbeat The sound of rain tug of her hand A heron one breath away From the sky Dying In Birdsong Day Sultry night A passing train Shakes the shack Warm rain Nevertheless Fireflies Heat wave The Mailman fans himself With my bills Reddening plums The shy daughters First date noon heat Statue mimes hair Remixing Historic battlefield Beyond the trenches The moles earthworks Sheet lightning The first strands of gray In her hair Warm Sunday afternoon Mom and daughter ponytails Chating in the kitchen Mercury beads rolling On the bathroom floor Integrator weather City Horse tethered The ancient grassland In both eyes Afternoon thunder The softness Of my mother's touch Dispersing clouds Bails of hay scattered In the fenced field Jasmine tendrils Waiting! For my daughters call Dawn The rooster for sacrifice Calls in the temple Dry Creek bed The Seven Stepping Stones To the other side [licking raspberry stains] From my palm The heat Clear day A painted turtle Takes the plunge A raven's cry The fading lines Of the petroglyph Left on the shrine The stone that tumbled From the cliff Stepping stones She moves A little closer Blue Summer Morning The egret returns To the guppies pond Summer sky A damselfly stirs The blue air Smell of sweet clover Sting into the place I used to belong Loon, call A kayak emerges From the fog Summer clouds A kite's shadow Crosses the path Thunder A bag, let's loose In the teacup Wrangling the borders I strain to remember My new neighbour's name Longest day It seems I will be lonely Forever Paddling the shallows The little boy stops For every shell Scudding clouds The creak of wagon wheels Through grandfather's journal Rustling leaves Smell of gardenia On my cat's fur In her sun hat Gardening, she hums Our song My hands at rest In dishwater First Hummingbird Bliss Wind! The sun on my side Of the waves Whelk egg case? My father and my child Heads just touching Spring rain My stones circle Lost in the pond Deformed Horn The cattle egrets Gather anyway The pulse In a knot of spiderlings Warm breeze The movement Of clouds between The hounds yawns Pond path Bubble eyes Follow my footsteps A butterfly Wavers in the heat Deadend Road [Teeter] Field in bloom A dent Where the dog was? Spring morning Green lights all the way To the freeway Lost in apple blossoms The man with dementia Knows where he's going Hanging Over the backyard fence Twilight and Wisteria LooLning magnolias I linger In the darkness Early rising The doors peek hole (Streams) Sunshine Choppy River Bursts of the coxswains orders On the wind Mother's Day Filling the bare spots With nasturtiums After the stars Trout bones On a white plate Lilac scent The sound of hair Through her brush Freshly painted door A Bumblebee explores The color black Spring training A father catches His breath Sun after rain Tadpoles in a circle Point inward Good Friday The sudden whiteness Of Hawthorn Enough pan On the radiator May begins Holding high mi On my air guitar Spring morning Misty rain The clown painting He meant to leave me Soft greens And cherries full bloom But peace Earth Day Only a cherry petal In the donation jar The kite's tail Ripped from knotty branches [Mockingbird Song] Blue Butterfly A little girl whistling To herself House for sale A vine almost to the end Of the laundry line Spring frost The windup toy stopped In midstride Source of the creek A kinglets Breeding song Early blossoms The Hummingbird's throat Brighter still Two plovers And their shadows Ploughed fields Sold sign The nest In the leafless tree [calving glacier] A mother whispers To her child Mountain torrent The water ouzel flicks A white eyelid The tips Of crabapple buds April sunrise Lawn daisies A boy tosses the ball To himself Bare branches A coyote howls In the wind Waiting in the room With the plaster skeleton Early winter Death watch Clouds connect the sky One end to the other Cemetery Garden Rain falls on Plastic leaves Biting cold Moonlight on the nail heads Of the old fence We pass Humming different tunes Winter Moon Long illness unfolding someone's Dogeared pages Winter night Father's last words Never come Feather in the grass I grieve for a friend I never met Hagel melt A lizard skin shimmers On the broken wall Full moon I eat everything Including the orchid Autumn rain Only an earthenware Teapot will do First rain A child's paper boat Caught in the drain cover Bird song Between blows Of the axe Deep Creek My father considers Retirement? We talked Until Moonset Crickets I stop looking For the sunrise First sip of tea The boy Told not to cry White Chrysanthemums Slowmoving river A heron's neck Enters the grey Cold Moon A rising wave splashes The taste of salt Her auburn hair Still catches my eye Autumn Wind Midweek The crouch Of a grasshopper Family quarrel The breakfast tartness Of fresh quince, jam Parking lot crow The same complaints Every morning Autumn River The old couple walks Not holding hands Indian summer The drawing teacher draws Between classes Clouded moon I let the machine Pick up his call Early to the station Ducks fly overhead In pairs They speak again If only of the weather Clearing sky Ginko To learn of the pine Sticky fingers Autumn Trail Cub scouts stomping Over the footbridge Shortening days The neighbour's dog Welcomes me home Harvest Moon I find you dancing With the scarecrows Milky way The crunch of glass Along the bike path Harvest Moon When will the stray dog? Find it's home New coolness A bird flies toward A hole in the clouds Disappealing sun The first bubble In the pasta sauce The old shoes On my feet A path in the dark This Halloween Children born since 911 Evening wind Everything in motion But the moon Fireflies And I get to stay out As long as I like Seaside cabin A picture window In every room Weekend getaway We give a name To the Jetty Cat Ebb tide A trail of jellyfish Out to the moon The city below In my hand, traces of A firefly I held too tight Late summer Chant of carnies Driving stakes Sea light This year she wades In the waves alone End of summer The beachcomber palms A cigarette Rumbling ocean Old stories Circle the campfire River gorge The long way Through yellow aspen Buffalo Bones A wind less than a whisper In the summer grass Dry spell The sounds of a mason Splitting Rock Hot afternoon The carter wipes his hand On the donkey's back Wooted towpath The cyclists Avoid my eyes Sun behind the hills A long cast In stillness Long walk home Kicking a stone For company Dark river The swimming mudhens Leave silver wakes Sound of anklets On the winding path River Song Spring snow The sound of the bottom Of someone's bowl Forsythia Her ponytail Skipping along Spring Sunday The campus tourguide Walks backwards Cloister Garden A bumblebee enters The Flowers Cup Bog, rosemary First, their humming Then the bees Bright wind The Bronze Geese Green with spring Hilltop My kite tugs and tugs At childhood memories Spring morning The hand of a student who? May know the answer First, Rosebuds A slight bulge In the squirrel's belly Still wet After crossing Spring wind Down Syndrome, child Button over a tidepool The anemone opens A spring welcome [Rivers through the length Of the beagle First warm day Torn caution tape At the trailhead As if, Moss We're not enough The spotted salamander Overnight bus A young boy picking things From his sleeping father's hair A picture of tulips On an empty sack Almost spring Back to back Checking who's taller? Spring, equinox Pale crocus Pretending this is Our first kiss Black cockatoos The distant rumble Of Harry's Refugee camp A mother croons, a lullaby To her unborn child Stone Angel A hint of life In the winter trees Letter from home The snow muddy Wherever I step Almost spring Untangling the streamers On the windsock Almost spring The way she says edamame High tide in the slough Two little boys, pole In a foreign land Winter sun Trying to believe In my beliefs Snow Field A raven rises In its cry Buttermilk Seeps from the churn Wild onions A wash of daisies Along the cliff top The whales give a blow (Rivers in the tidepool) A quieter ocean In my child's shell Winter stars You introduce me Friends by friend Another log on the fire Two kings On the checker board Winter night I hear the cats purr With my hands Winter night Cookie crumbs on both sides Of the bed Snowflakes Freezed to treebark Morning silence Cold evening Changing my teacup To the other cheek The child's nose Melts a hole in a frost, fern Windblown, dark One more goodnight Halo around The hunger moon Sunrise Nothing on the snowman Stops the drip Hospice book cart The one, no one finishes Is back on top? Our new home Winter sunshine fills The empty rooms Damn Earth Slick bellies Of winter radishes The scent of snow A flake Then nothing Coldest day Steam from the sidewalk grates Rises undisturbed Winter stars My feet slip slightly On the path Apple trees Growing into each other Winter drizzle Winter break My grandsons Short sentences Midwinter Depression In my address book Crossing out the dead? Twilight The unexpected brightness Of snowdrops Late shift Again, the waitress Talks of her children The ant returns After being flicked Autumn, loneliness Mild December Walking acorns In the earth Deep autumn The gleam of his wedding band As he tends the fire Beach to ourselves A dusting of snow On the driftwood New Year's Resolution The fresh snow Already melting Soft light We mound leaves Around the sapling December, dusk Ink spilled on A white canvas Bedtime My children pray For snow Red mittens Her laughter ahead Of the snowball Winter morning A roof beam swings In the blue Grandpas desk I sharpen a pencil stub Just for the sound Border town All the houses With a dog to beware of Dry stream bed Only the loud pulse Of cicadas So many memories Gliding pelicans Rearrange themselves In the bottom Of a leaky rowboat A glimmer of stars Back to school Graffit's visible Under fresh paint Twilight A red pony narrowing The distance to the barn Creekbed Curlews poke their bills The whole way in An anchor dropped All the stars in place This last summer night Slow dawn The first flower On the marrow plant Childless I stand with the others By the river Organic garden A cactus wren Probes for grubs Poking flowerpots To see if they need water Her faded house dress Dust motes A careful sweep Around the cat June bugs Under the street lamp Our goodnight kiss Dry riverbed A new kind Of silence A bird sings On my clothes line I can wait An armful of lilies In the fullness of summer An urn full of ash More gray in my hair A faint scent of Mimosa Sweetens the breeze Muggy night The child's breathing turns A paper moon Summer drizzle Dark shadow of an umbrella Takes its time Pink honeysuckle Trying to find the place The creek used to run Longer days A nameless bug On my bicycle Clear summer sky The breeze blowing rubbish Around children's feet Leaving the fair? High on my father's shoulders Distinct sunset 50th year Smell of honeysuckle After the rain Dry grass A donkey, colt Learning to wallow Hot day The bicycle chain Keeps slipping off Street fair A mockingbird mimics The ventriloquist "Stoleflower fields" Girls in the Jeep sing My favourite things The drifting boat It must have nudged bluebells Somewhere upstream Rucksack In tall grass The scent of honeysuckle Monsoon clouds A herd of water, buffalo Wades into the pond Neighborhoods, Quarrel A climbing rose stretched Over the fence Morning thunder Mom and the dog Both favor a hip [ stream] Meandering Lovers! Spouting philosophy A giant salamander Has been watching us Water buffaloes Shoreline Shadows, Pleast The Monsoon Lake A different pitch From room to room Summer rain Storm damage The sap still rising In the stump of a maple The roosters First five syllables All he's got Lucky Bamboo A single leaf Tipped with sun Spring walk Just me and my Ponytail? Sunset stroll The Labrador's nose streaked With Pollen Brush strokes Morning light warms The spring roses Apple blossoms With only me to witness The path of the wind Trayer ruts Softened by rain First buds Remains of rain Between the flagstones Morning prayer The frog Migrately shifts his posture Summer evening Late summer No place in the corn Where you're not touched? One egg Rattling in the pot Autumn rain Stones in the rootmass Of a fallen tree Winter stars Winter morning Suds Still on the soap Walking One inch closer to heaven First snow Snow On the stones The stream Snowflakes The perfect fit Of our hands Fowhorns The Ginkgo's last leaves Fall with the snow Winter commute The train's momentum In the small of my back Filled through pine The Pygmy owls, Staccato Staples of Moonlight Winter night I sip ginger tea From my sister's cup Cold snap Hotdog vendor dancing To warm his feet First snow One child Wakes the others New Year's Eve The old janitor Wrings out his mop New Year's Eve One side of the mare Dusted with snow Orion overhead Our last kiss of the year Is the first of the next? Basswood stump What I would say If asked Red Circle Around the Japanese maple Autumn evening Shooting stars A splash of sea salt Brightens the soup Winter solstice I delete an email From Jesus Emerging from the pine cone I just sprayed silver The matching spider Autumn, dusk Red leaves coming down With the rain The rip Of a sheet of paper Deep autumn Starry night The tops of hay bales Sparkle with frost A winter day Turned warm The smell of Haylofts Stars at Dawn The clatter of small change On the coffee shop counter Golden hour A nuthatch pauses Partway down the trunk Rifle Of radio jazz Wren? Autumn, dusk Enough light To count the leaves Leaffall My echo Returns Old schoolyard Dark, ivy hides The fucks Autumn Sunset The lit bellies on a string Of Geese Orange sky The cattle dog drinks From my hands High school reunion We view the leaves falling In different ways Sagging totem pole The tiny adze marks In perfect rows Small talk The pile of apple peels Growing Evening stillness A bonfire log slips In its own ash Dawn light On a redtailed hawk Indian summer Old snag A woodpecker starts The day Time change Most of the fallen leaves Hidden by others Family reunion The beach stones underfoot More painful now Around the table Three generations And the dog Autumn Sunrise The bristled coat Of a Hereford steer Indian summer The road crew plays catch With a hardhat Autumn light The deer's shadow Touches my toes Twilight The rough ends Of twobyfours Peach juice From chin to sink Summer's end His stubble In my sink Morning rain Birch seeds tumble From the laundry bin End of the day Leaf smoke The tart crunch Of an apple A lover's moon She tosses her bra Out of the hayloft Rolling thunder The gentle vibration Of unused crystal End of summer A flat tire On the wheelbarrow In the notes Of the sax Autumn rain Fields plowed "Stoleflower Seeds" Packed in cellophane Prairie Nothing Higher Wild, flax A minute of blue sky On a cloudy day Late summer Eelgrass turns With the tide Flyfishing A mosquito's buzz In my ear Deep current His long pause Before the lie Distinct thunder Stargazer, Lilies Caught in the brush fire Blue sky In the far distance Still penniless Sound of water A fish rests On my foot Evening sun The shadow of a fence On my face Waiting for the rains Both sides Of the pillow hot Simmering heat A rattlesnake flashes It's new skin Midday heat The glassblower's bubble Impossibly thin Sun shower Children, hopscotch In pavement steam Wilderness Canyon My shout and it's echo Quickly lost in time Rising sun The flies and I Remain still Circulating The Overland stage marker Migrating hummers Blazing sun I tell her What I really think The crammed beak Of a blackbird Summer rain Climbing in shadow The Canyon Rim Brightly lit First stars A bats wing brushes My face Hot morning The glitter of traffic On the harbour bridge crowded wharf caf Old fishermen comparing Night crawlers Lands end A seal returns The dog's bark Banana Leaf Our small talk In the rain Summer Cottage The nails Mother straightened Beach closed A slow walk on the pier With seagulls Ferry dock Sundance bounces From wave to wave Stifling heat Vultures teeter beneath Monsoon clouds Afternoon breeze No one understands what The parrot sings Spring Dawn The beggar dumps a spider From her cup Sacrcur A ladder almost up to A stained glass window School dismissed The cemetery shortcut Comes alive Summer solstice A little sunfish Puts up a fight A butterfly So long at my window Summer dusk Lilacs in bloom The lecturer drones on About Endoflife Memorial Day A graveyard full Of old glories Gentle days The tethered dinghy Dride's round Solstice shadows The mockingbird's breast A study in blues Summer solstice The sound of a door closing At dusk Marking The cat's grave Our dog Continental divide A bumblebee gathers pollen From both slopes Spring rain Stepping in the spaces Between worms The rusted hooks In dad's tackle box Spring tide First light Trying to untangle Birdsong Children's Zoo The one blackfaced sheep Gets all the pats [Rasps] On a meadow pond Oriole song Appalachian Springs A pair of catfish Wiking upstream? Angler's guide All the fish We didn't catch Distinct haze A cuttlebone lifted From the tide Catching rain On my tongue Smell of plum blossoms In like a lion The buds Of a pussywillow Rush hour Spring snow covers The roadside memorial First buds Droplets too fine For the wiper Spring sunshine We look round a house We can't afford Spring, equinox The precise pitch Of a sparrow Suddenly, spring I read the ending First No one To forgive Spring again Drifting cherry petals A window goes up In the passing limousine Easter Egg Hunt He brings back Horseapples Moonglow The hoot of an owl Circles the house Snowed in Grandma faded notes For tatting Cold, rainy night Salt drifts to the bottom Of the shot glass Noreaster Another puzzle piece Clicks into place Spring Moon All night long The mockingbird's song All night, snow I listen to mouse feet Crossing the attic The root cellars Bare bulb Deep winter Her long hair The slightest scent Of the sea The outstretched fingers Of a toddler First winter rain Vernal, Equinox Storks again In the old nest Circle of Lamplight I complete the baby quilt Beginning for me Between windows The space, the spider Lived and died Another soldier The sound of wind Through a hole in the fence I raise my head From his chest, heartbeats To crickets First yoga session [Rhythmic] Creaking Husband spellbound His wife's version Of their courtship Bird house empty of seed Even the Jays Look for Bernard Hospital Vigil The imperceptible shift Of clouds Deserted beach Missing a child's Hand to hold Open house My children, their children Joy is my middle name Thunderclap A squirrel near the feeder Scoops its chest Mother's Day Giftwrapped box of chocolates One piece missing Stable rain I fall short of being the human I wish to be Migrating birds Cones of sand tumble From her notebook Twilight deepens The wordless things I know Reddening apples Her palette Still loaded with color An empty chair In the poet's circle Words of love Blue September sky The wordless things We want to know Death of a friend Loss of her creative soul Inflames inspires mine Her yellow painting Above bifocals her dark eyes Even brighter No matter how short we may fall My image of you Shall always stand tall Sometimes I think You would answer the phone If I were to call Warm earth The Gardens It makes Moonless night In the harvested wheat field I too am empty The quiet strengths Of a gentle leader Colors that will not fade Exchanging haiku stories We forget we live On different continents One breath The distance between I am and I was Rereading the renga We wrote a decade ago My name her name Windstorm The garden stripped of Her bright colors There is no ending Only the change Of seasons Twilight lingers The thousand echoes Of her wordless things My father's birthday I spill A box of nails Fry sunset Her ruby fingertips "Against his lips Autumn leaves The street singers "Dear love" Dark so soon The evening after I killed the mouse Harvest Moon The small puddle Nearly filled Getting colder No hop left In the grasshopper Highland Lake Burnt button grass On both sides of the moon Day Moon Another armful Of shriveled corn Alabama Farm The scarecrow dressed In white linen Full moon All our sounds Are vowels? Stepping stones The river changes It's tune Early autumn The farmer sands a splinter On a buggy spoke Indian summer We need to be reminded To let the young win Barn Loft My children scatter wheat grains Grandfather heaped up Wasps Among the windfalls August Light First day of school Summer's change In a canning jar Waterfall Near the end of dry season A black groove in the stone This time I don't kill the wasp Summer's end First, fall day She speaks of taking One more long trip Cantaloupe The sweetness Of drought Back to school Slug Trails On home plate Late summer wind The marks on a hay bale Where it was bound Autumn, Equinox A sunbeam divides the melon Immediately into two New coolness The mushrooms Strict tilt Squash blossoms I teach my son To count The old couple Wrig their tiny garden Sundance on stone First ride Without the training wheels Summer breeze Fresh Tar Blackeyed Susans Lost in the scent Menfolk A pup in the middle Of idle pats andscratches Thinning the carrots Still thinking about the child? Miscarried The strike of a nail Travels down the fence Dog days Rest, stop Sparrows, pick the insects From a semis grill Hot afternoon The hum Of her sewing machine The late glare Of a summer sidewalk Winos pool their change Dusk Couling the hose? Around a glowworm Firefly night Muffled giggles From the small boy's tent War news The cat chases Her tail Hard rain The sizzle of summer peppers In the skillet Tink and splat Of rain on garden tools Ragtime in my head Summer evening Friends compete To thread my needle The newspaper open A moth rests On my knuckle hairs Distinct thunder The last cookies in the jar Both burned Predawn rain The dog's tail whapping As we doze Rainy morning A thickfingered teller [Doles out] Dollar bills I don't know A soul at this picnic Damselflies Second wedding The fragrance of petals Torn from the Rose Cigardas My strength flows In the day's heat Making love The meadow In my pockets Yuppie House The bougainvillea climbs According to Plan Hot Sunday I get lost In the knot garden Wedding reception The unfolding tail Of a white peacock Climbing through A haze of mayflies Summer Moon One extra push On the oak tree swing Suppertime Salmon, run Does the river too? Have memory Remembering him? The worn shell Still pink inside Moonlight On the rocky side Of an oyster shell Outstretched cormorant The sun rays filter Through my fingers Dreaming aloud Until the tide Touches our feet Island shrine The slap of salmon Across the water Sea and sky The sand slipping out From under my feet "Always with my thoughts The wet sand a mirror Between EB and Flute High tide [Jackfish] Moons Sun along the shore Even the grey cockle shells Surprise me Spring day The cat returns with cobwebs In his whiskers Summer cabin I do away With the curtains Lunch time The treecutter finds a tree For shade Sunny snag A pair of turtles slide In thick silt Heat wave Cryfish holes Appropriate to the north Border feud Picking the BlackBerry? That breaks the web From deep in the forest A haunting Birdsong Sung just once Ancient sequoia Straw hat In my hand Marsh Lightning The trees blossoms open In egrets Stepping stones Across the stream Your hand small in mine Parting ways The Cherry Branch Went down with blossom Distinct, siren The sound of a heifer [calving] Isolated Deep In cherry blossoms And still alive She uses A kitchen chair Magnolia blossoms New buds The snake's tongue Protesting air Soft rain The clown's smile Turns a little sad Caroling, magpies A ghost gum outlined With light from the east Spring breeze Framing of sweet grass On the mare's breath Mother's Day Admiring Lilacs Just past their peak Lavalage farm We mingle With Bumblebees Fat moon! Through every window Bull frogs Morning alarm Father's face Floats away Notch awake My first steps Flush pheasant Spring Dawn My cup Full of river Soft breeze The weaver bird loops A blade of grass Cake, crumbs The balloons leak My breath Morning Moon The mouse On a small branch Layers of mountains Echoing boom of the blue Grouse A willow shoot Between river stones Morning light The petals still creased On a fresh primrose Moving day Cold Moon A moment of hesitation Years ago The wrong road Exactly placed hoof prints Of a horse Shop window The beggar's reflection In new clothes First warm day The Toy Cup fills With sunlight First day of spring She doesn't ask me Why I'm late? Morning shift One star Over the mineshaft Road puddles umbrellas dip At each passing car Muted sunshine The old cat stalks With a limp The scent Of thawing earth Distinct dinner bell Filling A whole room The snapped Daffodil Raw winds The tilt Of my flamingo Moonlit night The shadow of a wolf Just like a wolf Orion rising In the eastern sky We compare secrets Wretchedout stairs Up to my old mother's home An owl hooting She strokes My thinning hair Winter Moonlight Early snow Outside the window Pomegranates Snow Moon The hunters Enough trap A star falls In the winter dark The rumble of a train Crackling fire Her breath Smells of cinnamon Midwinters night The occasional chirrup Of the smoke alarm Cold rain Barbed wire in the middle Of an oak The flock's wings One bird veers In silence First snow He promises to write A new will First snow Deer, enter the orchard On tiptoe Leaves falling Some on the boulder Some in the stream The falcon tugs at her tether Shortest day Ice patch The surprising strength Of mother's grip After the burial My father's smile On so many faces Mountain Stillness The loon call Held by the lake A corner of dry leaves She slowly folds The second opinion Almost dawn An empty whiskey bottle Near the phone First morning Without my old dog My face wakes up dry Owing braids Won't go any tighter? November evening Starry, Starry Night He wishes he had A big thought Autumn morning Passengers in the train Behind their newspapers shattered mirror Each image of myself Whole Foggy studio window The primary colours Lined up in jars Deep autumn The candle flame flickers As I pass Starlit sky Some brighter Than others Nearly winter The stilt dancer bows To a spruce Brilliant moon I hold my hand up to it Unadorned Shooting star The warmth Of a child's breath Ray of Moonlight Our bare feet disturb The cedar floorboards Job listings Morning, glories open By the bay The search light Bouncing off clouds Newtown, Lonesome Autumn Night The spruce drops Silver needles Her bedtime More stars On the other side of this tree Moving day One last look At the elm Autumn, melancholy The guitar in the corner Waits my friends Starless night From the barroom, a love song About red lips Deep woods A sapling with one leaf Changes color Mountain Trail A sithere rock padded with moss Tarweed in bloom A ground squirrels Puck of dust Windfall, tomatoes A rabbit zigzags The garden row Katydid chorus Nothing that can't wait Until tomorrow Oasis A cactus wren Sips from the end of a hose The last crop planted Changing the tire On the tree swing The flycatchers Last sliver of sun On the ridge Heat lightning Places where the mower? Cut too low Key West Sunset Trading one shell For another The faded blue Of a lifeguard station Unfilled shells in my pocket A beach ball The gentle slap Of the moon Where the boys sat? A semicircle Of watermelon seeds Thunderhead A snake's path Slicing up the dune Warm rain His childhood memories About the beach Softshell crabs The toddler shows off Her belly button Weathered dock A child reaches out To smooth a wave Wind in the tall grass An old blue car Almost in motion Greet oozes From a Ferris wheel The long day Farmers market Fruitflies pointing out The ripe ones The coolness Of evening grass Our first time Sunny morning The Rooster challenges The bull again Back at work The mosquito bite Bluffs Midsummer The uneven whirl Of a hula hoop Girl, fiddler, last to play Sugar at the bottom Of the Lemonade Cup Biting into the fig How red? His heart tattoo Power outage Forced outside to read I put down my book City sidewalk Colors swirl in a bubble Of spit Morning, rush hour An Osprey points a fish In the wind The still cumulus A hum of voices Before the workshop Muggy night Our room fan ruffles The front page Bright morning Walking the pain From my heart Wandering From birdsong to birdsong City morning Salt spray A taste of peat In my whisky Evening warmth [ Lockkey] Kids play rummy In the doorway Sunrise We lower The blinds crowded square A mimes glance Crosses mine Merrygoround No one wants to ride The Wolf Spring shower Dark hands, skinning catfish In the kitchen sink Leaf buds The flycatcher Varies his call Almost no Cards to buy Father's Day Dawn The broken edge Of a blue shell Sunday morning Gathered ibis Worry out the prayer Rainy season A smile on everything The child draws Searching willow wands For the purple phoebe My water bottle flutes His parting gift Origami Swans Durant this long Day Moon A girl with dog tags Skipping rope Gardenia Just knowing It's scent Gonesome coals Urgeant in the ashes Peepers at dawn First light Not enough words For Green Dawn Yoga Forms change With a roosters call Funeral Her long hair follows The wind Turning the corner A breath of laundry And lilacs Moonlight On the sapling's branch An unexpected flower Tripped from sleep By the solstice moon Cowbells Ascension Day Paste crumbs For the birdtable Cathedral shade A bee deep inside The bearded iris The laughter Of elderly friends Magnolia Rain New path The throat Of a violet Mother's Day This year The white carnation Mother's Day A Hummingbird drinks Between breezes High noon A carpenter bee busy In the hoe handle Daisy Chain A tick Already gorged Done for the day My dad brings to supper The smell of turned earth Cold spring rain The depth Of her yawn Her long skirt Trembles The tulip leaf too A pair of hens Peer through the fence Apple blossoms Glass shards In a circle of stones Spring sunset [Geep Bells] A light wind lifts The butterfly wing Old tractor seat Filled with rain And Birdsong Spring afternoon Her buttocks peek out From my shirt Sunday morning Picking empties Off the lawn Someone at the gate The blue wren rounds up All his hens Early spring When the rain stops I close the door Distinct, Virga The ranch dog's eyes Different colors Spring break Rival shirts flying Together on the line The neighbors, tiff Envelops the valley Bees in the cherry tree A sea of blossoms Will every bird? Find it's mate Winter morning Dad's butter in a cup Atop the toaster Winter morning Her perfume scents The river path The last of winter The Crucifix covered With a purple shroud March wind The story of a couple Who separate? Mating Robins The broken yellow Of the centerline Children's laughter A weekend, Father With sticks in his hair Church bells Tree roots have cracked The sidewalk Clearing sky A hailstone melts On the fallen flower The void she leaves A honeybee enters An apple blossom First buds She only counts The green cars Snow Country Every word You say? She finds Her great grandmother Diet on the stone Fresh snow The cat's paws deep In eiderdown Raking leaves The two of us together Until dark Cold Moon A stray dog roams The Village Street Pearl Harbor Day The clerk validates My parking stub Grandma's birthday Snowflakes fill the letters Cleaned into the stone New Year's Morning A toothbrush color I've never used North Wind A new edge On the old axe Calls from listeners Who've been through the same? Winter stars Thanksgiving My brother and I catch up At halftime Open windows I switch off a concerto To hear the trees Sweet tea, steam Dissolving The man in the moon Turning the page These photographs Mother never pasted in Enough clothesline The mockingbird Beginns his song Slant of light Through autumn woods Whitethroat's minor whistle Full moon The baby monitor (sighs) Pine scent in the air A memory of memre Cleaning house Winter Dawn A tub of washing All run blue Frosty morning Steam rises From the horse's blankets Rearview Mirror Yellowing leaves And my gray hair Faded recipe Peeling apples With Grandma Allhallows, Eve The last leaves fall From the wild grape Dying light A red rubber ball On the grate Thorn by thorn Pale moonlight down A century plant Grandfather's house Light of the moon On an unpruned tree The smile Lost in her wrinkles Deep autumn Cooler now Street children sniff glue In the twilight Evening breeze Hundreds of lamp flames Sway in the temple Autumn Wind Groceral flyers Flying A wasp nest Out of reach of the hose Autumn begins Filigreed Moon The soft edges Of her lingerie Morning fog The music Between headlines The deep hues Of worn ricing sticks O'Biebwe harvest Farm stand A pie in each basket Of apples Early evening I wait for sunset To touch the birches Between the toes Of two lovers The moon Fall morning Marsh, mud glistens In the rowboat Prairie sunshine A tiny flower With an Indian name Autumn evening The clink of carnival rings On empty bottles Home for the weekend A water lily's root Trailing out of sight Summer clouds She talks about death Hypothermiacly Fishing Where my brother stood Twilight chill Cicada song Just enough embers To rekindle the fire Sale pending Crunched apples scent The sidewalk Moonflowers I weave a wreath For my sisters, urn Mountain Sunset The mockingbird's song Unanswered Falled tree On the river I've yet to cross Sunrise Goldenrod In the first frost No rain for days A halfeaten apple taken away From the fruit flies A little inn With a swinging signboard The evening chill Almost spring She tells the whole story In a single breath Spring morning Last year's new neighbor Introduces himself In memory of Kaji Aso April 25, 1936,March 11, 2006 Spring snow A little remains On the stolen car Voice of the peeper Gliders On the spring breeze Summer afternoon Lifting up my bottom a little Then going back to sleep Harvest Moon Spider, too Gazing at it quietly In memory of Tombo, Lorraine, Elli's Harr October 31, 1912march 3, 2006 No other sound Just spring rain dripping Through wisteria Dragonflies Even if I could catch one I wouldn't Midwinter gloom She turns on the lights In her doll's house The time it takes For snowflakes to whiten The distant pines Tree frogs Giving voice To the rains Open windows The scent of lilacs moves From room to room Unanswered mail A pelting rain Flattens the pansies Talk of peace An ovenbird nests On a rusted trap Cabin fever A wandering mastiff Smells each tulip Vast blue sky We empty Her closets The greening pastures One Hawk's circles Answered by another Almond blossoms The weight Of raindrops Late snow In the wire basket (Orange sprouts) Early thaw A kitten puts his front paws On the windowsill Once again Just the two of us Snowdrops in bloom Bull's nose A swarm of bees Follows the pollen Sixth day sick Dandelion Seed In a spider web More snow The brittleness Of the Wishbone Country evening Smoke crosses the river Far from the bridge [Elated Platform] My shadow grows longer Waiting for you Deserted Stadium The caretaker kicks A goal First day of spring A new bottle of ink For an old fountain pen The grinding gears Of a flatbed truck Snowflakes Train coming All the snowmen Begin to move Winter rain The light From the flower shop Vernal, Equinox Winter overflows The closet Spring breeze Patches of old snow In the junkyard A gull or a pelican On each old pylon Winter sunrise Midwinter, thaw? Last night I dreamed My dad was alive Low gray sky An Afghan warming On the radiator February, dusk A mouse is eating From the Cats saucer Her old voice Young with love speaking To her old cat Midfebruary Choosing the sunniest spot? To fill my tank Senior Center Dust collects on Origami Cranes Evening rain The new phone book Without his name Winter rain The warmth of her touch In my dream A penny for my thoughts The fireflies Of last summer This morning, too The light of the moon Mother love Cloud stain On the mountain Last year's snow New Year's Day The center of the chocolate Not what I expected Blackout The sound Of candles Clear night Snow shifts On the windowpane New Year's Day Deer tracks on both sides Of the fence Early winter A growing desire To paint the ceiling Winter isolation Tossing one pair of socks In the hamper Snow Moon Our angels Somewhere underneath? Brought wind A man hunched over A hole in the ice Autumn evening I lightly touch My son's first scribbles Solstice A crow settles On the snowman Dust on the antlers Over the mantel The logs shift Just one more page Before I sleep Infinite rain Early winter moon The sound of a newspaper As it hits the ground Long night, moon One more load of wood Before dark Cold soup The Winter Moon On snow Longest night The strains of carolers Come and gone New Year's fireworks Waking again With the dog Night fading away New snow in the playground Seats This evening With no dog barking Autumn Wind Destructed wet leaves On the storm drain A blanched worm Calder sculpture A single brown leaf tumbling From the sky Autumn Wind From next door's garden The sound of hideandseek Full moon My monthly loss For words Morning fog The dog keeps some slack In his leash Late fall One by one parachutists Return to Earth Christmas shopping My daughter's lip rolls In her mother's pout Dying light His voice in the crowd Of shadows Enough page The dog's gray muzzle On my knee Obsolete shelter The glimmer of sunlight On broken glass Autumn leaves The creak In my left knee Brought wind A crane lands among [Thronging Cranes] The housefronts Changing color In the rain Autumn leaves A religious pamphlet Left on the bridge Dreary day A black walnut gnawed white Storm front The wind gauge pointing Directly at me November Rain Embracing the weight Of my sisters, urn Sweetgrass braids We bury grandmother Without her wig Fish ladder Patches of Moss On graffiti Autumn Broomsage A golden eagle Curbs across the sun Something startles The rabbit field Mackerel, sky Starlit sky Are you sure? We are alone Courthouse Square A clock ticks Above the hanging tree Divorce Final The double twist Of a mbius strip Kindergarten The squeak of new shoes In the school yard New moon It's only withered Zinnias Rustling in a breeze Sounds of trucks From where the road runs now Autumn Night Full moon On the sandbar Cormorants hide their eyes View of the hill Behind tract houses Thinning pines Baled hay Left in the field A crickets ragged chirp Last light An ant swims In the Hummingbird feeder Summer stars We pick out Our house A moonless night The old cars, Muffler Leaves sparks in its wake Kite shop A red dragonfly Flits in and out One more game Of shirts vs skins Summer dusk In the pleat Of a morning glory A firefly's light midnight Some of the sounds Are insects? Rising sun The shadow three times bigger Than the bird Red Leaf I return it To the shore, wind Summer afternoon A raven and its shadow Wiking through the treetops Garden trail My comings and goings Have worn a groove First, Cicada I fold away The blankets Cherry tomatoes Cradled in my hands August heat Sundance Grazes my fingers The first ripe peach Squealing Garden Roots of the strangler, fig Create their own forms The lake's reflection Goes all the way out the limb Summer solitude Stiring wheat The faint sound Of an ancient sea PlaCId Lake The sound of bike wheels On the gravel path Roadside stall In a tomato box The trust coins Yellow Lilies Lighten the daythe last walk For my dog and me In the backyard shade A small gust brings coolness And a white petal Harrest sun The complicated eyes Of a grasshopper A mosquito Caught in my hair Smell of pine Distinct thunder A load of swamp drops From the backhoe Afternoon heat A Passionflower falls In the pool Summer afternoon Baby and I discover The beauty of leaves Afternoon breeze Sound of the loom From the Weavers house Flash of lightning The dry creek Coked with rubbish gnats in a tizzy Older brother Takes the mound Sunlit, ravine! A rope bridge Over butterflies Milelong Jetty Tourists toss starfish In the sky Sent outside While the old women talk Smell of sweetpeas Thunderclouds An aproned butcher Takes his lunchtime stroll Spring Mountain Wind A traveller rests On his hat Parents, quarrel Through the glassbottomed boat Another world Poppy Garden In and out of the flowers The child's red cap Storm brewing Our cat sphinxed out On the porch rail First summer rain The flower vendor Lenders on the porch Spring break The migrant child chases Willow fluff Mud wasp and I Live together Outdoor bath Stole bellies Grating the water We drink North Carolina The lush local dialect Of mockingbird song Waterfall A sad man's face In the bark of a laurel Pale green waves Jostle ashore in twilight The throb of bullfrogs Fern Uncurling The faintest breeze Dogwood's near the stream A blossom In our jelly jar The dark folds Of a greening mountain My sister's locked diary Mountain pass Each valley, a different shade Of spring My key Turns in the lock Lilac scent Spring morning The cable car bellringers [Rhythmic burst] Blue Violets The girl with Down's Syndrome Makes up a poem New litter of kittens The missing rung On the Hayloft ladder April, drizzle An UMp checks the lineups The sky Lace curtains The spin of sunlight From a bicycle Magnolia buds My onearmed neighbor Plants a tree First date Dogwood petals Before the leaves Amish country Their black and white clotheslines In spring Cherry blossoms The rookie pitcher puts on His game face Spring breeze I catch the tune She leaves behind The hiss of air From a rubber raft Summer twilight She hides I seek Fireflies Still, a few leaves Dog hair Painted into the wall First snowflakes A cat whisker In my hand Snowman One less carrot In the pot Cold morning The old horse gets up And goes to work Winter light Frying sugar and the canister That held dog biscuits Deep winter Not knowing for certain Where the garden is? Bare branch ridged with snow A chickadee Powders my face Falling leaves We both speak Of living wills Watching the waves? A stray dog settles Besides me Winter stars I learn to paint Enough spaces Cold morning The soap bar Share thin Snow Day Finding my first grade class In a drawer New Year's Eve Sending prayer slips With the EB tide Winter dusk A grandchild draws My weary smile Walking the dogs Over the snowy fields Orion First snow "Against my will The beauty Leaffall For a moment The cat, all kitten At the funeral His secret life White Chrysanthemum Memorial tablet Copper letters, push up Through the snow His Christmas package The icy steps Of the post office Frost Everywhere I look The milky way Town Tree Amongst the Christmas lights A crows nest Creed Moon The smooth curves Of her headstone Shortest day A sparrow chirps In the dark Nutcracker suite A star falls from The ballerina's hair Cold night The dashboard lights Of another car As I wait for you The light of Venus Through falling leaves College photos Out of the shoe box A dry apple core Fall leaves He tells me I've changed Autumn sun I follow the shadow With the limp Approaching winter The fragrance of herbs Under sweet straw Autumn, mist The honey locust Holding light Sweet grapes The conversation passes Between friends Shortening flames From the Blacksmith's coals Autumn sun Autumn's scent In the pile of leaves I take the dare Probable crop The pecan trees shadow Stippled in shells Late night A waitress repeats The list of pies? Heat lightning The skull of a deer In the tall grass A cloud of dust Behind the tractor Harvest Moon Rising Evening shadows White egrets fold In their tree Barn for sale Between the rafters A wedge of moon Historic cabin We nibble windfall apples On the rotten porch All souls A wasp returns To the lintel Autumn, dusk The hill gradually slopes Towards city din Smell of windfalls The whisper Of solitaire cards Old Armchair It's weight This autumn night Fall night, heavens The sound of our bath Draining Summer's end Loolleaf notebook snaps Echo in the hall Crisp blue sky The fir tip Rests a crow spawning salmon A bubble rises between The river stones Nameless stream I vaguely remember My father's face Autumn Wind The sidelong glance From a goose Early autumn park The perfect circles Of a little girl Autumn walk [Neagles] At the bottom Of the stream Autumn breeze A pine cone waddles Toward the shore [Windrows] The undulating whistle Of pigeon wings Indian summer A squirrel tips over The bag of rock salt Heat wave A spider pokes a leg From a curled leaf Summer's end Only dead grass Shows the circus was here The horse fly Attracted to my ear Strike three Withering garden Ladybugs neatly wrapped In spider silk Moonlight On a white cactus blossom End of summer Heat The smell of ozone Before a storm Litch! In the wildflowers Prisoners Day winding down The pink flick Of a lizard's tongue Summer drought Choosing where? To cross the creek Summer Moon Her eyelashes touch The telescope lens Garden path The same weeds In their country Rain on the horizon The inside of the nest Wretched smooth Low tide Rain wets The driftwood Peonies How earnestly we discuss? Last night's soap opera Cold tea In the tea cup No more to say Wisp of a cloud In a vast blue sky My thoughts exactly To the beat of rain The builder darkens With his wood Jellyfish dance Breathing in With a perfect stranger Their love Now, out in the open Night blooming, Jasmine Summer breeze Taking down the wind, Chimes You left? Rainy morning The old beggar, not there Outside the tea shop Playground Searching the hubbub For one voice Summer night The strawberry stain On a popsicle stick Origami We fold the map into A vacation Cool morning The smell of garlic bread Reaches the street boy [ tongue out] The boy guides a new airplane Round and round Bright morning The smell of geraniums On my fingers Looking up Rules of punctuation The Green Hills Lovein'themist A Persian carpet Wrived to warp threads A rainbow Horizon to Horizon The curved wings of gulls Tomorrow I leave Cones high In the old pine Spring morning A chained dog Solves in the dust Country Road No way home Without a detour Summer rain The back yard hole filled With tricycles Creek mouth Bathing the dog In sunset The ride Past the roadside fruit stand Spring solitude Late spring Lambs play In the slaughteryard Commute! Carpooling with The same fly First rain The smell as dust Changes to mud Country town A railway station Without tracks Redthroated finch song A hint of it in Beethovens [Rhythm and angles] No old habits The newborns Cry! Evening rain The screen door Covered with moths Bay shallows A starfish moves its fingers Over mine For the second time The mourning dovefeeding Without her, mate Spring Dawn One at a time The newborn's eyes open White handkerchief My mother shoos A cabbage moth Opening the window After lovemaking The Earth's fragrance Beached, Kelp We examine each other Life lines Winter evening A light is burning In the back of the house Winter Doldrums My landlady enumerates The perennials Winter silence Another armload Of junk mail Spring rain The crumpled obituary By my bed Mausoleum Just passing Through From the teahouse The smell of must Falled cherry leaves Falled leaves A line of snails In the bark fold Swollen stream My friend talks about The cancer Rain and wind In the circle of mourners One person smiling Monday morning Ant on the coffee cup Going in circles Summer morning Squeak Of the bicycle seat Chill wind! The heart of an oak Leaves the chimney appointment calendar A coffee ring joins One day to the next Another leaf drifts From the landmark oak Wren Song Turning tide The river goes From gray to blue Daybreak Birdsong glides From oak to elm My flight delayed He polishes the barware With a flourish Silence On Telegraph Hill A shooting star Sundown The mason jars Enough again Quasar? Only a great star That dies November sunset Now you can chat with All the stars Hotel window A thistledown blows in And out Late autumn And all the songbirds have gone The lilt in his voice Where, Snowflake? Becoming lakesafe beyond All accident Morning bells Through a crack in the shutter One bright star Sunset today More wintery, more solemn Than usual Catching the twinkle In frog eyes among the reeds Old Pond jumped in Fog Just the tree At the bus stop Hospice Garden He points out The last calla lily Fog Just the tree and I At the bus stop Windows filled with light At the home for the blind Christmas night Nursing a friend with aids I close the window "Against rain" Last flutter Of the butterfly In the mimes hand Jumping rope! The little girl and her shadow Touch, touch, touch touch End of a long day The bartender's feet Take the floorboards home Summer's end The weight of my body Out of the water High forest ridge Far from the sea A stone clam Art class I become A rose of Sharon Playground Every day, the apple tree Bends further Remembrance Day My insignificant wince At the misdirected poppy pin Long low bridge The perfect monotony Of the summer sea Indian summer A bag of green peppers Turning red White jerseys Spread across the hockey field Indian summer Pillow gathering I trust her With a secret Setting sun My mother picks The last tomato Bird calls The grass blade buzzes On my tongue Dust rising Down the old dirt road Summer twilight Heat wave A knife stuck Deep in the melon September sunset Crabs explore the skeleton Of a humpback whale Lilt in her voice The Mossagate colors In a sunlit wave Stifling heat A palm frond suggests There is a breeze Late summer rose The feeble twitches Of an orange beetle Summer reunion She ties a seaweed bracelet On her sister's wrist minus tide A child sings An ancient fishing song End of summer Coming home With the current and the tide Her aged veins The steady pulse Of crickets Carousel The grasshopper riding Anywhere? Summer clouds The river and I Enough to the sea Sultry day One green berry Among the red Lavender blooms Outside the sanctuary Late summer rain Children's carousel The way seasons come around Faster than before Midsummer day The wrong way On a oneway street Stepping stones A child finds a way Across the stream Thunder The Mustang's tail Beginns to sway Stormwater Roosters and Crows Answer the sky Deserted porch Crickets continue Our conversation Meditation over The crickets Still chirping Winding road Under the influence Of a strawberry moon Tough as we sound Our eyes On the fireflies A bowl Full of pear bruises Lending heat Evening breeze Something close to Mozart In the chimes Distinct stars Poplar fluff drifts Through the dark Dusky Lake Fisher's voices Sink into darkness Distinct thunder A shadow flickers On the locked shed Heat wave A spider's thread Across the frying pan Late supper The smell of tomato plants Under my fingernails Falled Sycamore The chess players move To another tree Now and then When my neighbour is away Blackberries Adirondack chair Falling madrona blossoms Tick on the deck Summer Sunset Shortly the magpie Rimmed with gold Fourth of July Not a breath of wind To stir the flag A little escape From the world and its affairs The scent of jasmine Warm day An inchworm stretches Beyond the leaf edge I tap the crystal Four waiters attentive to The greenleafed wind Loose hair The wind brings me An old song Bliss rain But you hope we can Still be friends Hazy Moon! The dog's third day On the cat's grave Early mist Feeling in my pocket For the stone Sweet peas The round eye Of a hummingbird Darkening sky A woman's song rises On the desert breeze White Camellia The coolness Of new sheets First light The space between? Mother and lamb Spring rain The soft click of marbles On the kitchen floor Morning shadows A colt's legs stroke Through long grass The warmth of May A pregnant woman Smiles to herself Spring downpour My little son teaches me To fold paper boats Whet back From Shearing Spring breeze Mating antics Of a hummingbird Wind on the lake Gala Garden Tour The overwhelming urge To yank, pokeberry Slow rain Losing myself in Birdbath circles Sheets of rain A calf huddles closer To the cowherd Redwing blackbird calls The dog tugs for Another scent The sun At its Zenith Goldfinch song Garden, Trellis A green snake loops In our small talk Quiet evening The wind has touched A lilac bush The dog takes a sniff Snow that didn't go With the first warm day A minute More daylight than yesterday Paperwhites Peering into The deep well two boys Talk about girls Morning, mist The swallows return To last year's nest Misty River The drone of the drawbridge Still in my ears Spring longing Following animal tracks As far as I can Drilling her jacket Home from school First, spring peepers From the mouths Of old stone frogs The sound of water Rain clouds A river frog's head Pops back down Lilacs in bloom A swallowtail crosses The double yellow line A squabble of Jays He shovels my bootprints Off the sidewalk Smell of matches We recall the movies That made us scared Frost Moon A dented nail head Catchs the light Roadside shrine A child blows out All the prayers Morning prayers A glass cathedral Reechoes vowels Fireplace, glow First signs of fraying In the caneback rocking chair Dark of the moon Turning the penny heads up For someone else Funeral march Watching their grief From behind Mountain Churchyard Even the rocks Malformed white First warm day The derelicts Yellow tie Redwood Grove Their arguing Hushed Storm clouds Water darkens Around the tea bag Peak hour traffic Under the harbour bridge A humpback slaps its tail Her latest worry? A raven lands On the one bare limb New boy in town Throwing snowballs At his own snowman Moonless night I read your letter By heart Drifting leaves The slow arc Of a wrecking ball Dappled sunlight Waiting to hear You're safely home icy mortuary steps Linen or muslin? For her shroud Third blizzard The untuned pianos Middle C Cutting out pictures From old calendars Autumn, drizzle Christmas at the mall The turkey steps forward With a clipboard? This year's candles In last year's wax Chanukah eve Ripe Persimmons Glazen with frost My soft red shawl Blue heron Standing at the edge Of the falls Something to it About taking your time Ripe Peaches Clouds building Paper snowflakes In the window December evening The smell of gingerbread In mother's hug Disturbance Wren Song The Brown River Slowed to green Shadows of blue hills Wild turkey's forage Among a clutch of old stones Country graveyard A Hummingbird She would've loved Rading with my son This is the autumn I fall behind Sparrows sift through The shopping carts Autumn, dusk Sunset A child's arrangement Of shells Full moon Playing statues Among the fireflies Country traffic The pickup's music Follows its dust Summer pajamas My grownup ways to dawdle Past bedtime Flute song Across baked terraces The clear air stippled Heatwave Nuns take turns At the drinking fountain Peach seeds An inch thick The heat Summer dusk Stuffs of grass In the dog dish Summer evening The man on the bridge Waves back to us Machu Picchu Face to face With a llama Goodwill store Trying on the swimsuit? That I gave away The very back Of the cat's mouth Sunday afternoon A slow stroll Through the general store Linging day Green water I silently join The Dolphins Twilight Storm The stones from low tide Still on my desk Rainwet sidewalk Each maple key leaves It's own signature Year of the rooster The wind chimes swivel Soundlessly Deep in the woods The mourning doves Deepering Moisterias The slap of a beaver tail At twilight Just a little peek The underside Of Passion Flower Friday afternoon A farmer mows hay In zigzag patterns Filament slides Off my father's reel The faint current The humid night Ancient wood carvings Shift their gaze Her journey north She tells me of swallows Building mud nests March wind All the ducks at one end Of the pond Spring, dusk His phone call to tell me He won't get well The year's first turtle Slowing Still slowing Turtles back Covered with pollen This new pen Thoughts of her still A wasp nest dangles From an old maple Desert wash From nowhere, a frog And the first faint stars Apple blossoms My breathing Has been shallow Inspecting rose leaves For aphids in the way I now read Wading egret I try to walk A little slower The feel of blossoms On the back of my hand Spring, dusk Daffodil Hill A peacock's cry as we Dust our clothes Mother's Day Sale Pulling the red wagon? Filled with plants Last day of term Enoughing the backpack Of old lunches Rainstreaked windows How to paint? The finch's song Spring night Her moonlit zipper curves From throat to waist Morning halfmoon A mockingbird echoes The rooster After the teenagers leave The dishwasher And sparrow song The lightest rain A young squirrel springs out From under its tail In seat 12A She holds a vase of lilacs On her lap Slightly hope As I leave the house Magnolia Easter Egg Hunt The smell of onion grass On my son's breath Daffodil shoots All these years As an accountant Aged hands A caterpillar On her life line Dusk in the city The parking attendant sings With Pavarotti Torn ceiling blocks Near the finches nests Flutter and chatter New warmth The ruffled feathers Of the raven's throat Spring planting A redbird offers a seed To his mate First warm evening Grandpa mimics A swan Dandelion Seed Drifting through the lawn party Her perfume Afternoon sun The wake of a mallard Flickers on the birch Spring thaw Under the hemlock A handful of feathers Another spring The nameless shoot Still nameless Spring rain Speaking of the dead In a softer voice Dinner alone The neighbour's cat comes round To do the dishes Amid plum blossoms My son and I Speak of recovery Spring thaw A new spider In the mailbox Arlington The tulips Wide open Spring chill I search for the phone number Of a missing friend Snowcovered bridge Following in My son's footsteps Dead, Calf A mother licks The wind Twoquilt night Creak of the firebox As we settle Slow rain A night Of seed dreams In one year Work life ends'drizzle' With the rainbow Drifting snow Lambs inside the barn Inside the ewes Snowed in Doing the Jigsaw Puzzle? Upside down Midnight breeze Through Magnolia branches A sigh escaping Winter's end The Dreamcatcher's Web Coated with dust Funeral day Still, I hesitate To open mom's purse Deep ridges In my fingernails Autumn rain Christmas Eve Bits of a price sticker Sticked to my finger Trespassing A swirl of leaves Around my ankles Starry night The queue for skates Moves slowly Midnight sun We leave our sauna quarrel In the icy lake Cold rain Slicks the caf tables Her lips at his ear A girl wandering In the yearend crowd Her white cane Dogwood Winter The waterfall plummets In a ring of ice On my face Snow that started falling Before the stars appeared Deep winter Where have I lost? The third hubcap Awks of gold Falled leaves hide Our childhood path Family reunion A tablecloth Pops in the wind Drifting leaves The Postman Stops to talk Unemployed Withered leaves, stop Besides me Soles tender "Against the gravel Starry night Persimmons The last kid drops From the monkey bars The wind that once Lifted your hair Here again today No letter today Fog takes away the bend In the road Evening sun The light and dark side Of each tree Moonlit clouds Over the native graveyard Our feet deep into moss Three kicks Starting it Autumn morning Broken clouds For a moment, he remembers The way home Family squabble Daddy, exhales On his glasses Indian summer The deadhead pruner Returns to her easel Midday Moon A deaf child caresses The Grand Piano Morning fog lifts [Lawwings guard] A fledgling Amongst grey stones Whistling kettle Summer postcards Still unanswered A blurred view Of the bulldozer Yellow leaves Sketching A birch leaf blows In my daughter's hair Handblown glass Cirrus, clouds, curve Around the moon Cicada, shell The boy demands to Change his name Nude Beach A man and a woman Collecting feathers? Turning heads The blackbirds One white feather Autumn Sunset Grandma's fingers stained With beet juice A shooting star The short grass [Tickles] My neck On every step Dead cicadas A day's list of things to do Park Path Just my thoughts leave The straight and narrow Cut grass I sweep away Summer's end Full moon Everything in its place In the kitchen Honkytonk bar A tomcat steps out In the night A sand ripple Just fits my arch Sunrise Hiking trail A path of sky through The bugeaten leaf Trails end The taste of wild onion Still sharp on my tongue The golden smoothness In a stem of wheat I take home the field Quiet Hillside Children climb one another In the trees Prairie stream What I know about mountains In these small stones Under us Water that roared In the waterfall Cicada song The sleeping bags Long zipper Evening light A loaf of bread On the cutting board Trellis of Roses Her being'photographed face' Opens Unemployed The uneven edge Of a quahog shell First, Violet My grandmother Every time Wildflowers Each of them A different me Late spring rain Their prize, Dahlias Eated by a cow Dental's chair Butterfly wings on the window Open and close White Lilies In a stoneware vase She speaks of her mother Father's Day Tooths missing From the pocket comb Trees barely green The latest graduates Sloop into line Spring sun Cedar waxwings fill The leafless plum Budding trees A stone, bird's eyes Went to the sky All day rain Easter egg dye In coffee mugs April shower She says her chalk flower has Grown a little Easter Sunday The hand on my shoulder Once reached up for mine First warm day A wheat penny lands Heads up Good Friday The Raven flies east With a chunk of bread Cherry blossoms I wear a little less [Rose] Drizzling sky A little girl drinks From her Mother's Cup Spring shower Her parasol opens To take him in Winter stars Diet sparkles On a birch branch Hind of spring The weeds picked For my hair Midday, thaw The blackbird's feathers Full of rainbows Furrow's curving Over the hill A line of crowtopped trees Through my earmuffs The sound Of a spring bird Late winter The night scented With noodles Almost spring Smell of a woman's hair In the elevator Birdsong An icicle drops In my shadow First spring day A blue heron works at An unruly feather Sunrise Tadpoles emerge From my shadow So set in my ways Winter window with A Potted, Geranium Sootdusted snow The shadow of my rebuke On the child's face Behind the locked gate More snow buries Thin gravestones Winter Garden The puppy unearths bones The lost dog buried Snow falling The same sound In all her shells January sales A clown's car steals My parking space Troubled by words I look away Moonlight on crusty snow Winter stars The Cats caterwaul Between junked cars Yesterday's snow The dog's path One way Giggles In Grandmas, Afghan Winter Moon Morning, sleet Someone at the bus stop Humming Winter morning The sound of Grandma Zipping her boots Scotch Mints The squeak of my walking stick In packed snow Sleet through bare trees A titmouse shows me A fiery black eye My brother's hello The chill of the wind On his jacket Fresh snow For the hands For the face Snowy day Nothing ordinary About an orange The Birch Trouts Sheen Moves when I do Winter solitude Spirituation 'Melterns and bare trees' Blend Her empty bed Night rain On fallen leaves Windbent grasses We bow to each other Goose and I Chill evening All the nuts Are almonds? Taking a bite From the wild apple Old old memories New Year's Eve Rain becomes hail Becoming silence New Year's Day We both feel the kick Inside her Autumn downpour A tow truck pulling Another Grandpas, dead The call of wild geese Splendly heard Unpacking a new home Do whales strand themselves? In this bay Winter stillness The bed starts Purring Winter morning The outline of the city On venetian blinds Sun on my back All the flower pots Arranged just so There they are In the Bonsai exhibit Pot of weeds Autumn Sunrise A muskrat grooms the dew In its coat Trail of leaves The child's plastic rake Missing teeth Indian summer Small boys run naked On the tide line Petting farm First, the children Chase the geese Her birthday I count the rosebuds Left on the bush Red Maple leaves Dispared on Moss The sound of falling water Breezy afternoon Children chasing children Channing leaves Wind in the reeds My daughter speaks About forgiveness Late summer Blue Jay's not answering A crow Hay Baler In its wake, a swathe Of cricket song Crickets droning The tennis ball covered With slobber Disturbant Stadium cheers A black branch releases A drop of dew Morning sun Field too small For the horse's shadow Dusk Father and son Scything the meadow Cool, dusk Our hands busy, husking Fresh corn Warm night A soda machine rejects My coin Bedtime Fruit flies linger After the fruit End of summer Only a breeze In the butterfly net 3rd day of guests The soup pot Blows its lid Sand dollar The morning's first set Of footprints Camera shoot Seafroth clings To her cleavage Bing the Greyhound? One seat left On the ocean side Slightly downpour The lizard takes its shadow In a wall hole Stormwater White Pigeon's stroll The manofwars deck Beach shack A garden Of shells Windswept dunes The road map flaps On the scorching hood Rearview Mirror Dark clouds gathering In a twister StaLactites The howls of children? Echoing back 'Sale now The drakes wash At both banks Tall pines I'll never be ready To go home Sweet peas Pulling the color From the sky Crowds At the meat market Incense, mingles Intermission Sharing an awning? With the rain Bush Trail The astonishing colour Of jellybeans Drifting seed fluff The rented horse Knows an hour's worth Venetian vase The glass blower pauses To admire a cloud Chinese opera Her voice inside My teacup Deep thunder A blue tail skink Slips under the door Clear whistle Of the whitethroated sparrow Evening star Half moon Something slips into the pond Besides me River Rock The folded wings Of a damselfly Stone Causeway The creek's summer flow Rearranging pebbles Silent woods A growing awareness of The need to breathe Mother and daughter Each in her own thoughts Fireflies Waking In the fetal position The rivers, hum Waterfall View Soba noodles slipping From my chopsticks noon heat A swallow just ahead Of its shadow Wind upriver Undersides of cottonwood leaves Rippling silver Shaker Village The clarity Of birdsong Drifting clouds The exam hall Bright, sometimes Small window And a bird too fast To name Rose thorns The soft whirl Of a spinning wheel Hot night Ries And midriffs First light Broken blue shells Under the maple Spring Bird Song A girl comes first To the peephole The tinkling Of recycled glass Spring, drizzle Fourth of July fireworks Girls with long pigtails Jump, doubledutch! Record heat A moth the color of heather On the heather Gonesome embers I tell her a story She already knows New Year's Day A finch's weight Turns the pinwheel Nearly spring The refrigerator magnet Losing its grip Pausing Hiding through a life With Chrysanthemums The old wind chimes In the basement for winter Tinkle from my sigh Treefiltered moon The night wind In a leafpile Gone then? Cherry petals fall away In the rain Her gentle passing A Robin flock settles On the front porch This is how life is Hearing the cricket at dawn Just as it ceases If someone should ask Tell them she loved Ginger, snaps and tea A ripple Reaches the Pond's edge Daffodils Warm hand, held tightly Dream of a maple seedling Ready for planting Her last breath The strings vibrating On her dusty harp She is gone The soft call Of a mourning dove Raining I discuss tomorrow With falling petals No night, clouds Just the numbing news Of her crossing over Quiet, arroyo The song borne somewhere else By wind Moonless The rainmuffled cries Of returning Geese I pause Half up the stair Because she has paused Before tonight's frost Bringing in a crickets song With the geraniums A new day How to translate? This talk of Crows Field of Wild Iris The Pinto Pony Kicks up his heels Simmering beneath the glaze Blue brush strokes On the Chinese ginger jar The meadowlark Holding down the fencepost? With song Too early awake But this mockingbird This moon [ glissandos] Rippling from the strings Wind from the sea Deep in this world Of monet water lilies No sound Spring morning The raven goes Where the wind went? Pausing Half up the stair White Chrysanthemums The cold A stranger At my parent's grave Frozen rain The yellow umbrella Of a hotdog stand A friend's house Closing loneliness With my coat 'Salely' Hugging Warm laundry Winter afternoon Millions of points At pinball New Year's Eve She teaches me How to breathe? Cold morning rain All the swoosh is gone From the fallen leaves What the raven? Has to say about them? Snow clouds Frosty morning An old man boxes His shadow Tooth marks In the sharp cheddar The long night New Year's Day The Sycamores Unfinished shadow Winter Dawn Waiting for the school bus Kids pretend to smoke First snow The congregation of birds Suddenly, bolder [ Taps] A snowflake melts On her dimple Late November I miss another visit To the nursing home Slender moon! Locking the door? For the last time Pearl Harbor Day The back yard fence steams In the morning sun Every one Of her Xmas cookies The same snowflake "Dream Road" Ahead and behind Falling leaves Autumn Elms Under her arm A folded star Moonlight Reducing the city To ruins Christmas Eve On the hairdresser's face A hint of tears Bowing One last time Frozen grass [Sickle Moon] An exit ramp bends Through black ice All Saints Day Beams of a lighthouse Scrub through the rain Morning dew I trace my sons Lifeline Autumn, melancholy She snaps a picture Of the flamered Zinnia This great to be alive How to say this? To the scarecrow Harvest Moon The long pull Of faraway children St Francis's feast A fly crawls across The communion wafers Concession speech The dog waits patiently On the porch Thanksgiving, Mass A shaky hand offers me The chalice Thanksgiving The flower vendor Counts his roses Thanksgiving The two of us And a salmon Smell of the river In some of the laundry Indian summer Autumn, drizzle A grove of maple trees Lights the way home Morning, glories What is left? Of the rain Again and again To the tip of the rod Red Dragonfly Black clouds part A moon so full I could howl Women's refuge New light finds the blue In painted glass Fall migration The park duck waddles Back to the pond Stillness After the storm Furled, hibiscus Autumn hike Slowly, we descend the mountain In evening Graffition Sharper By moonlight Shiny red apples The painter introduces A caterpillar Summer ending The wind and my songs Going their several ways Temple procession So many gods Under one moon Steering tilted By the maple's roots [Screen City Stars] Cool morning Slide of a coat hanger Across the rail noon sun Cane cutters Sing of tomorrow If only's What ifs? Twilight Autumn Night The moon at the window Of the Space Museum Hangover! A cat eats grass Along the driveway Morning sunshine From a brokendown house A burst of laughter Wind in the pines Never have I dreamed Of sleeping alone Out of hospital The summer grasses Up to my chin Rose Garden I've forgotten which one Is called peace? Summer night A baby changed On the hood of a chevy No moon On my knees, I promise her A glowworm Sleeping alone? I begin to learn The cricket's song Their hands lightly touch At the nursing home picnic A raindrop or two Another wish Puffballs, ripe For the wind [Laughter] In a foreign tongue Summer stars Shooting star Conversation halts Around the campfire Day at the zoo The Elephant's Shadow In a small place Sunshine on the canal An old nun stops To empty her shoes Outdoor caf The dog takes interest In my interest Cool, dusk The tide finds The sandcastle Early summer The children's list Of what they'll bring Dry season Rock paintings By a vanished people August afternoon Behind the poetry books A dry apple core New paperback The sun sets Without me Bright stars Campfire coffee Full of grounds Two willows Each it's own way With the wind Brilliant sunlight Blue Lobelia Through a clearwings blur Distinct thunder A bumble bee hums In the morning glory Tax day A batterypowered breeze Stirs the desk, Chimes The muddy river A few egrets Mark, it's edge Spring breeze I teach my granddaughter Hopscotch Lilac's overgrown With honeysuckle The dooryard loses its way After the storm The blue Blue Lobelia Sealing dad's niche One flowered umbrella Among the black ones Lightning In a chestnut shell The evening rain Snow melting The field overflows With Robins Snowmelt Down the arroyo Her laughter Easter sunrise Gun Towers overshadow The prison graveyard Memorial Day A flagwaving lad seeking His father's white cross Foggy Dawn Light threads through The mockingbirds call Misty morning For as far as I can hear Tree frogs Cold wind Our conversation fills With plum blossom Weeping Cherry My husband is somewhere In snow country End of daylight savings The orange pills Cut in half Spring grass I tell the calf I'm a vegetarian The final push Of a laboring bison Slowrising sun Dusting of snow All the lights on In the daycare A leafless tree Suddenly my father Comes to mind Snowlit night The bedroom window Whistlers a tune Sleepless night Snow to rain By the sound of it Winter evening The newborn calf Eyes, everybody First snow The smile Of a stranger Locust pods In a raw wind Thinking it over? Crash of winter waves Cries of the Golden Finch Shut in its cage Waiting for the heron To turn my way Winter rain So suddenly winter? Baby teeth at the bottom Of the button jar Mountain Moonrise The sound I didn't know I had in me Christmas far from home The odor of hay and manure From an open barn Handshake Our sleeves touched By the autumn wind Drifting Hawk Soccer players surge Down the field My solitary life A path worn around The lotus pond Night winds Rake the pond leaves Wobbly moon So suddenly winter? The colors In her pill box A stiffness in the joints Shrunken tomatoes Packed in the turnrow Rain so heavy It calms the water Autumn evening Cold drizzle One of the sparrows Sits apart Frosted windows My weight Still on the gym scale Pond ice The fixed eyes Of the decoy Deep in the forest Deep in the night Cuckoo Vs of Geese I look where everyone else Is looking? Halloween snow The yetis Tiny footprints Indian summer We ride around town Just to be riding That butterfly I thought was a dead leaf Indian summer My eye, my mind Led into the woods By the red sumac Half moon The white cat vanishes In shadow Pink cosmos My divorced friend Learns to salsa Full moon Shadows ripple through The field of catnip A wild rose Inside the caterpillar's tent Ocean Sunrise Giving sound To the submerged stone wall My new kayak "Faultline" Wild eyes of the horses As we cross Talk of peace A fly in the sugar bowl Missing one leg [whispers] On a sultry night Salsa music Day Moon Wind sculpts ripples On the dunes Thunder The old windmill Needing grease? Sunday The chorus of sparrows In a church maple Fightworks display Missing His oohs and ahhs Lowcountry Creek The flow of Spanish moss From an ospreys, talons Snowstorm over My grandson puts a seed In my hand Morning walk Nothing for the stone fence To stop Without his wife Throwing old bread? To the sparrows Passing clouds? The scent of wild thyme On my fingers Red Ribbon On a sweatlodge pole Dying sunset Fiddleheads In the chill breeze My fingers curl inwards Smell of blossoms Her house at the end Of the avenue Wiped gravestone The weight Of a butterfly Cloud shadows An eagle picks over What the tide left? Twilight The brush of dune grass Across bare shins First snow A drift of cattle "Against the fenceline" The cat and I Walk together All the fallen leaves Woodstove's glow The scent of oranges Sturdded with cloves (Washwings) Exchange rose hips Christmas morning A red flush On the Amyllis Bud New Year's Eve Falling leaves A street person Adjusts her bundles Echo of an axe Wood smoke holds In the hollow letting out the dog In the chill of dawn The drifting stars Along the railing Hollows in the snow Where sparrows sat? Early morning snow The janitor shaves At a barbershop sink A salmon leaps Grandpa starts to sing With a brogue Winter rain Pigeons under a bridge Folding in for the night The hambone Sticks out from the soup Last Geese Year's end The median strip vanishes In a curve Wolves gnawing At my dream Singing bowls New Year's Morning The circles Of a toy train Winter Doldrums My own footprints lead me In the woods December seventh From the ship's bell icicles Year's end Wellworn pages Of the psalms Awaken at dawn A snow mantle muffles The cocks crow Sitting alone How slowly the? icicles melt One mallard Drifts on the satin lake My mind smooths out Thunder The plover lower On her eggs A molting peacock Solved on the gatepost Dog days Train delay All the ripe blackberries Beyond reach Stepping stones Across a swollen stream The milky way Flowers for his grave The morning moon A full circle Garden clearout [ snails] Cling To the wheelbarrow Dreary day My neighbor takes down The Hummingbird feeder Starry, Starry Night Unfinished art school paintings In the dumpster Row of silver oaks The first touch of frost In my hair Rising mist A heron breaks The surface calm Power failure The mockingbird Keeps on singing Early spring warmth The cleaning lady shows me Her first tattoo? Bonsai Hall We lower Our voices Quiet morning The Garden snail's nibble Young Radishes Kingfisher A scent of willow hangs In the air Morning, Hague At the foot of the hill Forsythia Glass Harmonica A chickadee listens From the windowsill Conversation over I touch a petal Real blossoms Our boat drifts Under the bridge Nesting cormorants A willowtip Touches the water Sunrings Cold evening The smell of chili beans? And cornbread Winter night The moon absorbed By her nightgown Moonlit beach The white teeth On a cowrie shell Fresh breeze The weather'vane turning' With the gulls Butchering a rabbit Cold rain On my hat Snow after shakespeare A child asks Is it true? Slowly, she brushes Her long black hair Snow still falling Valentine's Day Eiders displaying Just offshore Your letter All of the bananas Too green to eat Eviction notice A moth ricochets In the lampshade One seed At a time Winter finch The slant of sleet Redwing's riding Withered reeds Afternoon Moon Puddles on the ice About to freeze Treeswaying wind Echoes in the air ducts The Afghan grows Dignity snowfall The different stories Of father's youth Morning, rush hour My ankles wrapped With yellow leaves Call from the hospital A leaf caught in my wiper Leaves a streak Funeral over People and leaves scatter In the wind Winter afternoon Finding the needle With my finger Faded totem pole The frog's mouth Filled with snow Low tide Stones that have dried Among those that haven't Winter dusk The bare shoulders Of the prostitute Starry night A does breath Freezed on her fawn Millet Seeds Sticking to the Cardinals beak Winter rain Garden sundial From nine to noon Removed snow Graveside, Kaddish The weight of the stone In my hand Sea Cliff Fledgling gannets Face the wind Widows Cottage rosemary edges closer To the door Almost spring Humming the notes Of a Bird's Song April burial The weeping mother, neatens Her son's perfect hair Her first fossil The curve of the creek In springtime Spring rain A bruise on my arm From donating blood Morning, mist A bridge spanning An invisible lake Snow warning The bend in the hemlock Furrows her brow New Year's Eve Looking for my sign Among the stars Spiked milk Nothing more Pours out Rain all day Behind the bead curtain Her smile February Storm My ratty blue volvo Under plum petals First snow Today, I'll wash The dishes by hand A puff of fog Floats over the falls New Year's Dawn Winter seclusion We cover the fridge With children's drawings Valentine's Day A cyclist signals With a longstem rose Rainy day My mother singing An old love song Deadfall Pine The beetle does A head stand Sleeping bag The distance between me And the nearest star Oak leaves Curled almost shut The clocks turned back Frost on the windows The crescent moons Sharp points Blue frost A man on the train With too much to carry Summer night The soft bottom Of a farm pond Sunday morning Nothing comes or goes But the fog Corn stubble Rippling ribbons Of blackbirds Hurricane Alert A sudden urge to visit His grave Falling leaves The street preacher Quickens his cadence Summer lightning At the crack of dawn The Temple Conch Mare's tail clouds Great aunt pointing out Where stores used to be High desert sun The field of poppies Shining back Afternoon tea Wind, Chinese mingle With the rivers sound Sultry night The breeze from a fan Stirs up the gossip Kudzu greening The iron gate posts A bucks, velvet antlers Summer pasture A calf licks dew From the cattle gate Midday heat The sheen of fish scales On the pier Last color Left in the sky A flicker's call Aftershock The music box takes up Where it left off? Spring again A taste of rust In the harmonica Spring morning The freshly painted name On the overpass A fallen leaf Rocks back and forth The size of an ant Tidal Creek Slowing my pulse The Blue Heron's Flight Funeral day A black ribbon binds The wind chimes Goldfinch On the topmost Birch branch Sunrise Manhattan skyline I gather eggshaped stones By the river Day labourers Gathered at the goodwill The dripping awning Coasted Flatland Umbrellas, color A cemetery Dad's tie Slips from my neck Bearded, Iris Sundance Through a snail shell And the snail I turn the radio lower Lower The summer stars No wind today The Cottonwoods speak In Chicago Bluesky rain Among countless geese The Tundra Swan First blossoms My cell phone Set to vibrate Spring thaw The tracks below Tracks in the snow The river bubbles Between steppingstones An upturned duck March winds A man with a combover Changes direction Valentine's Day The cat leaves a hairball On my pillow First warm day The pulse of the honeybees Abdominal Spike year The frog Just sits there Spring, mist The baby, Hippo Fills the puddle Spring, dusk The cat's tail Off on a hunt Finding Orion? How moonlight shines? In my daughter's hair Where he drowned The broad backs Of catfish Tending Her grave for spring Tending my soul Wind chill Walking backward Forget home News of her cancer The radiance Of paperwhites Lantern Moon I guide Mother's Steps Around the duck pond One purple finch The tick of sunflower husks On first frost Bone cold The lights from shore Lost to fog Lost I watch A falling leaf Springlike day The cat grapples With a catnip bird Late summer The water In one ear Ikebana The space Where the Lily was Moonrise Over Marshlands The hissing geese Full moon Shadow on shadow Of prickly pears Her grave The names of flowers Escape me Rainsoaked turf Echo of a gull's cry Blus against the hill A final bulb The warmth of garden soil Just after sunset Standing naked In the moonlight The taste of a nashi pear Cemetery The scent of Muskmelon From the next hill Hopscotch Grid [Screenly] visible First stars White water A salmon ignores The fish ladder Dry heat A hawk corkscrews The sky Sunset Smoke from a fire Beyond the hill Rumble of the sea "Against the Headlands" A fray in my cuff Curtains flutter The shadows of birds Rising in waves Enough cowshed A little bird drinks Water from the pail Just alive Enough for flickers The old cottonwood Dusk moon A child's ball, Bobs On the EB tide Cousteau Museum On the exotic fish Our family's grin First warm day A hermit, Thrush Pumps its tail Spring Festival Sundance haloes The baby's hair Halfblown, dandelion My neighbor's daughter Moves back in Grab of the unknown Bird shadows In sudden flight Wet road A shepherd watching me Slow down A child bride Bows her head The whitest peony Nowhere else But the next flower Afternoon Butterfly Before after Paying respects A smoker in the rain Tripod holes In the creekside mud Yosemite, Dawn City Heat The grocer spritzes his greens And little girls I am the age My father never was Spring planting Birdsong My imaginary lover Lively again Daylight savings The glimmer of a penny In the sand First star A tiny crab climbs out Of the sand castle The mourning doves head Turns backward so easily Cool of the evening The old magnolia A Southern drawl To my death poem Deep night sky The car radio Between stations Spring fever A new notch On the Tomcats ear Incoming tide A hermit crab wanders Among empty shells Spring, dusk A black sheep Joins the flock His passing The whiteness of sheets Filled by the breeze [Screen Stars] I wonder what yu chang? Is doing tonight? Long sermon Snow gathers On the windowsill February thaw Goose droppings, slip In the pond A long moment Before I recognize myself Spring, puddle First light The wideawake hats In the lettuce field Seuss's birthday A dad and two lads plant A plant in a planter Winter Beach Tire tracks, turn back On themselves Plum petals Do they cross her path too? In March winds Growing season The orchard flooded With Moonlight Spring, equinox The sun shines through An onion skin Spring's light green I can smile Without wanting anything Dwarf The sound of the cat grooming Wakes me "Chatribe" The orange tree drops It's scent Starlit night Coolness settles In my shoes Morning fog A dark pine shape She'ds its crows Leaves on the river Too old to call myself Orphan Insomnia The cat Kneads my hair Apple's picked And the casket chosen Linging sunset Shooting star The young girl wishes For a white horse Autumn rain Having just said I love you In a phone Still wanting To flythese feathers Of the dead owl The heat Two old men argue Over a parking space Slow drift of the river Splashes of sunlight From a Moore's back [whispers] The Hummingbird's tongue (Raspse) The nectar Roadhouse A patched screen door Squeaks us through Thieve's moon Salt on tomatoes From the neighbors vine Third inning A shot over the wall Rakes a dove A skull, no bigger Than my thumbnail Jasmine in bloom [Champaquiddick] A water strider Crosses the pond Alder stump An inch worm arches across 1984 Despite everything Her dog wags its tail When we meet Wandering Where there is no path A flicker's salmon'pink tail Father's Day The height Of the lighthouse Making plans Conch, she'll pressed To my ear River breeze The faint clang of a ringer On the other bank Sunlit Creek My discarded walking stick Passes me A new neighbor The feel of sand On a smooth shell A surfer's sea My footprint's deep In the sand Children running The aged nuns wimple Flukes in the wind Iced tea The scent of lemon grass From her scarf Starlit sky I touch a turtle Before it enters the sea Listening to The ocean's history Spring sunset Wet feet From the same rain The elevator stops at our floor Mother's Day The clown paints sequined kisses On her cheek Worrying cabbage A slum child watches clouds Dew away Cobwebs The smile on Buddhas face Backpacking trip Finding myself Without a mirror Signs in braille Name the scents Herb garden Boyhood, summer The hang time Of watermelon seeds Storm warning The watercolorist works In shades of grey Highway work A Marmot whistles At the crew Delicate nest If only paper wasps We're fireflies Spring, equinox A summons For jury duty Blackbird song The old cat retches On the threshold My finger draws A furrow in the loam Unlabeled seeds Easterside Passing fields Of numbered lambs Spring evening The mouse comes up Through the floorboards Tax audit Droughts in damp grass From the mower's wheels Bliss rain Grandfather's first day In the retirement home Spring wind He pedals Faster Bluffs Talk of bringing back The draft Insomnia Turning the page To Birdsong [whispers] Of ancient watersong The Red Planet Rushing Creek This flat rock Grows uncomfortable Pond Pagoda The goose twines wild grasses Around herself Snow melt The tiny dot Of a mountain goat Morning pitch Of my grandmother's voice Spring wind Mountain stream The steady flow Of autumn leaves Daylight savings Moon Spiders Stride Across the lagoon Morning stillness Piano,black reflecting Parrotgreen Plum blossoms My dog follows A different scent Swift clouds Wind in the cup Of my hand Great blue heron But the stillness After love midnight At the railway crossing Last kiss of summer Early morning The spent lily Falls apart Family photo The barn Needs a coat of paint Forever diminishing Our view of the sunset The loss of the pine Night rain No space Between us Moonlight The white peonies All to myself Hands in prayer The Carpenter has one Shorter finger Autumn clouds A dove keeps calling Lou's dead, dead dead Dusk A leaf's long fall Through cicada cries Moonless night The first click Of a shark reel Fragments of a dream Starfish left behind By the flood Seabirds The wind lifts My daughter's hair A greengrocer Lays out her bok choy Scales of the dragon Dying light A small boy hurls rocks At the surf Ocean Sunrise We flip shells With our toes Ocean swells Cows on a headland Nashs illuminated Oceans roar All the beachgoers On their backs Funeral I still remember My first swim Wild Pond Step by step, a turtle Meets the heat The heat Two boys take it Outside Letter from Iraq A birdsong spelled Phonetically Pear blossoms The farmer's wife Selects a chicken Such heat The weight Of the cat's breath Storm front A splinter of obsidian Between my fingers Longening shadows A stray dog Joins the picnic Beach stones The sun's warmth Fills my hand Twilight A yellow canoe Drifts across the bay Sultry day The time it takes To detach a tick Class reunion Everybody loved My wife Reunion photo My long shadow Joins the family Harbor Sunset Lover's stroll In reflected light Snap of a twig The egret's neck [Ends ] Tipping back My whiskey glass The moon Lower and higher Higher, but not sure First, spring peeper An iv tube Caught in sunlight Daffodils Spring fever Mule ears, Gee and Haw Above the pickups, slats Passing laundry? Between a flutter of sheets Bob Bob White Making way For the power lines A divided maple The smell Of rootbearing earth These restless hands Rustle of wind Among the Rhododendrons Featherfluffing wren Just as I decide What kind of bird it is? It's call Sweltering day Little grasshoppers jump Ahead of the scythe Midday, hush The rasp of a mallard Calling his mate A heartshaped pebble If you hold it, just right Our first days apart Winter rain Who am I? To the cat Darkening sky Snowflakes soundless "Against the garden, chime Winter evening My newly divorced friend Hogs the cat A magnolia leaf Falls between us Tenor, sax Dead Hammer! My son invents A religion Cold winter night The scent from fireplaces All the way home Lunar eclipse The primal beat of techno From a passing car Last kiss The smell of hay In her hair Pleiades at dawn His hand comes to rest On the small of my back Long train journey A man brings on The smell of autumn New moon The possums posthumous Grin Raindrops Snaking down the pine bark His rough hands Meteor shower Digging my toes deeper In the sand Morning train A few notes of birdsong Through the closing door Home For Dad's funeral Not the same quiet in the kitchen New patterns On the wallpaper Autumn Dawn Lending fog A tent caterpillar Drops out Sagging Cedar rail Wind works its way Through the bluestem Gathering heat My throat No longer firm Deadlines An ice cream truck's song In the distance Gettysburg Traffic backed up To the interstate Campfire Circle A friend's back Leans against mine Above the cries of Hey, batter batter A meadowlark Swelter! A cat watches traffic From the long grass Summer grasses The Lakota sings Of a white buffalo First, firefly My wife and I share Our fortunes Cloudless sky The baaing Of penned sheep Hermit, Thrush Knowing when it's time For me to go 17year cicadas The persistent itching Of my stitches Midsummers, eve Even the terrifying mongrel Decorated with flowers Silence after thunder A damselflys Still wings Morning light Each cattle egret Selects its cow My daughter skips off In a drying clam shell A color I couldn't name Summer vacation The bumpy ride Back home Evening thunder Magpies scold something At the windmill Camping campgrounds A snail shell In our spot Honeymoon The undertow pulls the sand From beneath my foot Map unfolded An earwig scurries From main roads The mother, Quail Keeps calling her lost chick Summer twilight First light My brow breaking A strand of web Hard paddling The wind Dries my teeth Sunwarmed patio The bird with one foot Bellies down His small, please A burial procession For the fish Resting heat The frayed edge Of a salesman's tie Summer solstice Insect eggs swell In the alder leaves Harrest sun A child watches fishermen Club Eels Summer solstice The bright spaces between Long tree shadows A quiet afternoon The pinwheel twirls Only halfway Boys play past dusk The smell of water From a garden, hose Black Pond Stomaching snowflakes A goose dips her beak Ice melted She reads "Garcia Marquez" Under a cat Spring wind The sprinter dashes The other way The evening star Our flowerviewing faces Begin to change Twilit City Creek pebbles In my shoe Silent spring A Cooper's Hawk [Strolling] The bushes Bilingual children Honey, bees move In the bird house Cloudless sky In Mayan, nine words For the color blue Steel band at twilight A single file of ducklings Crosses the bay Night heat The rising scent Of mosquito repellant Bird, call insect Who is it wakes me? In the deepest dark Morning fog A carpenter calls For a 2 x 4 Leaves turning The toboggan hanging In the dark garage Ebb tide The other tracks in the sand Also mine Clothesline Ballet tights frozen In fifth position Halfempty bed I try to recall His faults An early chill The toolshed door Lonelys on its latch Gliding Hawk Balancing the light On stiffened wings Quitting time Snowflakes blend With the crowd Heather in bloom Between wind gusts The sound of my pen Country store Two oldtimers, Whittle Over world affairs First day of school The line of children At the pencil sharpener Autumn sun The comfort Of old blue jeans Thinning bones [craters darken] The Harvest Moon Rain today A foot tapping Of its own accord Summer's end A flatbed's loose chain Strolls down the road 17 years How carelessly she flicks off? The Cicada Last of the sunlight Cows bounding Downhill A keeper moon The old fisherman Let's out more line Weathered Bridge Everything but the moon Drifting downstream Pink sky A woman sings To her laundry Ferve, bull A little bird On the hump Wild flowers I brush mosquitoes From the camera lens Lending heat The actress I had a crush on In playboy A gray cubicle Cicada songs Through a speaker phone Evening crickets Star by star The dipper appears Moonlit pasture My shadow [Churps] Midsummer sun Faced the mountain I'll never climb Plow of coolness The piebald mare and I Slide apart in the creek Too hot to move The crickets Cricket Fireflies My son writes his name With a sparkler Tonight's stars The stiltwalker talks about His youth Evensong From the flooded field A fullthroated frog Thunderhead A plume of smoke From the old salt's mouth Summer solstice The measuring tape reels back In its case A Hawks shrill Above the sunlit meadow Enough mailbox Between a rock And a hard place The oncologists fish Singing gondolier The passengers Fixed smiles The long day A Mason drizzles mortar Between flagstones Berlin Wall A smooth stone In my pocket Doctor's waiting room Each patient examined By a fly Still alive A distant neighbors Summerblooming maple Snow glare The scent of lotion On a pair of sunglasses Hazy Dawn A skunk's white stripe Blends with the daisies Chinese new year Daring to call my sister A monkey Miles of beach The sudden urge To run Walking off anger Johnnyjumpups Exactly midpath Almost spring (Numberprints) On every window Sunbeams The toddler sticks his finger In a daffodil Sea mist burning off A sandpiper glides by On blurred legs Formal garden Dogtoothed violets Lool on the lawn Yesterday's rain Another butterfly changes The size of the blossom Autumn colors Seeping into the mist Water down my collar Funeral day His old umbrella Won't open Winter twilight An arc of Crows Echoes the mountain Dwindling fire Our conversation shifts To death Midnight stars The kitten warm In my sweater Chapel in the rain The lift of white doves "Against blackened stones" Winter twilight The shadowed hill Beyond the hill Her placenta Undercover an oak sapling First star Prison vigil Cold gusts keep blowing out The candles All the frogs In the Snakes Aquarium Staring at the sun The downpour ends Much discussion inside The Balsam Fir Remixes A hillside Of Kudzu Back to school The bitter end Of the cucumber Family album The cherry branches in bloom Now, Bare The sheep too We're always here Standing stones Evening star The skiffs wake whispers In the reeds Still some song In the four strings left Summer's end Sabbath morning The transfigured face Of the shapednote singer The day after The family reunion Visiting graves "Emergency season" The moth orchid Beginns to flutter Hot afternoon The squeak of my hands On my daughter's coffin Eyes closed While listening to her poem The summer wind First, frost The thrush brings a snail To the anvil stone Winter rain The shape of shoulder blades Through her, Shawl Home from vacation Houseflies find The open door A new school year One long blast Of the bus driver's horn Fall migration Streits of purple loosestrife Through the Marsh Evening glories Should I complain about my life? Like hisajo She lets go of my hand The stars Without a constellation Family reunion Patches of fog On the horizon Dwarf's end A boatman's song starts The wadi babbling Fossile stone Skipping it The same Graveside My father and I Find common ground Almost soundless The slowing stream Heavy with autumn Harvest time Watermelons tossed Man to man Farmers market The snap of a green bean Over traffic noise New moon One white chick strays From the broody hen Sultry day Peaches packed at the bottom Of the grocery bag Bright, estuary The red jellyfish float in With the tide Labor Day The plowboy pauses For a photo No crop this season The deep wrinkles In his neck Roadside stand The cold skin Of the last pear End of vacation Palmetto, husk dolls With slanted smiles War news An old peasant talks to The Persimmon Tree Soft rain An earthworm Stretches its pink Silvered leaves The sound of a jet Inside the rain Just long enough To leave an impression Dragonfly Reception Letter I walk at dawn Past barking dogs Blazing heat A homeless woman Wishes me a good day Summer morning The mockingbird sings A song from my youth The damp pavement Around each puddle Summer dusk Moonless night A ladybug husk Down the drain Blue Sky Morning Scanning a cobweb Off the clothesline Cliff Dust Cigardas saw Through the heat Winter Doldrums Up to her elbows In potting soil Broken iris Every vase Looks wrong Smell of lilacs The chalk ledge full Of small pieces Moisterias The slap of feet In the dojo Meditation A hickory nut Hits the skylight Snowcaps Clouds of breath Above the herd Sunshine Through the rivers, haze White butterflies Alley windows WASHING and gossip Pass back and forth A spider crawls From the Bonsai pot Cello notes Ocean fog The mumble of eiders Gathered offshore Applepicking Day The faded pattern Of Grandmas blouse All souls day A child tries to catch The falling leaves Near dark The Grand Hotel drips Long after the rain Long winter Prayer bundles sway In the cedars Foggy morning Tipping his hat To the scarecrow Autumn, dusk A girl with pigtails milking The black angus Wind and rain The candles smoky flicker As we speak of ghosts A solitary night This quiet communion With fireplace flames Field of gravestones Not one tree to block The sweeping wind Sunset Moon She pops seafroth bubbles With her lips After the burial My eyes on the shadows Of everything One of the stumps Turns in the fire All hallows, Eve Autumn morning A retiree watches The oneway cars War Memorial They have stopped Cutting the grass No hesitation After the storm Cigardas Flapping from the pond A V takes shape Twilight chill Sunday paper A night's drift of leaves "Against the stoop Windless The echo Of twentyone guns Autumn rain She places his flowers In the secondbest vase Fog rising Pillows, push aside A bed of pine needles The softest who A flutter in the chimney Sends down soot New coolness A bend of current Around the sea buoy Lonely walk Looking for the sun For my shadow A purple haze Across the hairgrass Smell of her perfume Autumn, Equinox My mother's writing On yellowed paper The monarch butterfly Spirals in an updraft My loneliness A pile of clams Far from shore Summer's end Summer's end Returning home To shadows Lover's Moon The first godwits Solve in! Smoking break Out by the dumpster Crickets, mate A slow wasp The lamb on the spit Makes another turn Warm afternoon My daughter's eyes close As I read Sweet, nothing's A feeding swallow turns In last light Lending heat A long line of freight cars Grinds to a halt Graveside The seeingeye dog Looks upwind Her small son struggles With the cemetery tap Summer grass Slow moving clouds We plan our future Grandmothers Rumble of thunder A street juggler Lights his torches Gridlock The blind girl whispers To her dog Small town No fence around The cemetery Rings on a stump An inch For my life My lungs fill With alpine air Wanting to yodel? Days end The length of my fish The length of my father's fish Veterans home With his lefthanded hook A paper swan An old love song Mother slices Homegrown tomatoes First day of school The teacher Wears purple socks Solar eclipse The valley fills with Howls? Moonless night From the Harvested Field The hoot of an owl Billowing curtains An unexpected memory Of Grandmas Parakeet Summer's end Last of the blackberries Behind a web Fall colors My youngest sons Deep voice Year's end The bartender Blocks my reflection Winter day Too tired to make the clouds Anything but clouds? First blossoms A breeze shifts something In each room Robin's outside The piano tuner Works on middle C Rading uphill The butterfly Passes me Chemotherapy Her children's names Tattooed on her shoulder Doe and yearling Fade into the woods Hepatica in bloom Spring morning The children's game Of being quiet Sunny morning His basket full Of spinning pinwheels Cherry blossom hill Children coming down Where there is no path A killing frost Everything I couldn't write About Chrysanthemums Out of work The silverberry hedge In a growth spurt Cracked sidewalk A young maple Branch's out Fall breeze A wasp struggles With the screen door Jay's at the feeder I remember the names Of high school bullies Falled Apple The bruise from the earth Cut off Deep autumn A fish slides down The cormorant's throat Autumn rain Solved In my ways A path opens Through the pigeons Wet maple leaves All its leaves fallen A tree we were Verbot to climb Winter stars Who else sits up? With a sick child Crackling beach fire We hum in place of words We can't recall Flooded plain Fence tops show which water belongs to whom? Autumn evening The neighbor's turtle tank Glows! Open window Everything I know of the world In falling leaves Winter light His war medals In a shadow box Winter dusk The sleeping child surrounded By origami cranes Rainy darkness In the cobbled street The blind beggar Childhood home She spins maple seeds Off the front porch Cantaloupes for sale The farm girl's eyes Over her newspaper Geese winding south Yellowjackets buzz The empty barbecue Building a puzzle Three days Of rain Last day together A boat breaks up Our reflections The call of wild geese A field of pale goldenrod Leaning southward New love Still some green In these autumn leaves Fall migration The phone lines busy Gathering birds Car Horns Thistledown floats Through traffic The cool side Of corn husks Kitchen shade Moth's on the door I close And lock Summer stars The trumpet glinting From its case Change in weather Talkative strangers On a park bench Cabin steps Fresh birch seeds Since morning One firefly My childhood Before my eyes Thunderclap A blue reflection In the dog's brown eyes Careful steps Rocking the boat Rocking the top of the ocean Almost dusk An open door To the lighthouse Towering pines A Bobcat prowls In the early mist The last telephone pole A herring gull perched On one leg Finding a way Through the forest Winter sunlight Horned owl Near the window A curtain, Inhales Cry of the killdeer River Stones Wretched smooth New Year's Eve Falling snow, quiets The final hour upscale condo A red fox drinks From the swimming pool Winter morning A ring of cattails Holds the mist Winter clouds A neighbors, rsum? Left in our mailbox Dead tree The last leaf [Churps] Winter sun The blur of stones Underwater river ice Hope Without knowing what for Autumn colors Rugby scrum A cloud of breath Floats above Evening visitation The smell of winter On coats Autumn sun A fly captured In Amber Train Berth Hot tea from a clay pot Degusting of earth Morning Moonlight A raccoon teeters On the chain link fence Autumn Wind My arms around the child Within Dawn A lorry driver washes His face by the highway Desert petroglyph Autumn rain falls On the sun Japanese garden A bamboo staff left In the bamboo This house Is my last home? Bougainvilleas in bloom The flatness Of watermelon seeds August, dusk Peony Bud Cut for the grave Wren song all day long Mole crabs In the palms of my hands The retreating surf Midday heat Snap of the shoeshiners, Rag "Against the toe Death Valley A tumbleweed [Screenly Green] Sunrise, clouds A rat burrows In earthquake rubble Las Vegas All the lights fading In sunrise Desert wind The potter's fingerprints Impressive on an ancient urn Washing day Wind whips the Judo jacket Through its moves Labyrinth path A change in the wind With each turn Ripening Kale A white cabbage moth Lands again and again The road home A star too bright To be a star Iris Garden The Golden Spiders Giant egg case Enough birdfeeder The shimmer of falling snow As a sparrow lands Winter dusk She paints her nails Deeper red New Year's Day My overalls stained With last year's garden Morning star Frost in the paperboys Bicycle tracks New Year's Day Bleading work shirts Back to White Funerals end A pine bough sloughs It's burden of snow Ice Storm The Great Bucks Antlers Depleted by mice Frozen rain One unwed year In the next Late for work The flutter of leaves Under my wiper Week after Christmas An empty throne In the mall Snowcovered cornfield The Wild Geese In rows Single living I allow the tea kettle A full whistle The longest night A snowcovered pine Bends toward earth Shortest day All of the yellow Beated out of eggs Christmas Eve My children pretend To snore Morning twilight Stars fade But the Cardinal The bite of Radish In the dinner salad Year's end The shortest day An orange traffic cone Where the oak stood? First snow, man His nose lost to A passing horse Morning light The curtain edges Darken New Year's Eve A man digging a pit Streit's his shadow New Year's Day Three fancy toothpicks For the avocado pit Through the open door Of the outhouse Mountain fog Autumn Woods The Birds Twitter Chainsawed Meteor shower I dust off the grit Of shingles Indian summer A house sparrows poop Pings a chime First winter night Stifling heat In the chicken shack Lake in the mist Hearing it reclaim A fish Alarm call I too Look for the Hawk Latenight quarrel The moon Above it all Halloween A passing plane Lights the fog The long night A gecko echoes Another geckos cry Even without dewdrops All those hairs On the caterpillar Tabby Harvest The first drops of rain On a tinroofed shack Desert oil field Pump silhouettes Glow in the sunset Resting here Long after someone gave a name To this ocean Wind in the trees My dreams also fly Over the hill Distinct lightning Cottonwood Seeds drift Over the dry earth Clouds part A mantis silhouette Through the sunlit leaf Beyond the lights Of the amusement park [Rhythm of the Sea]? First evening, cool A preening goose Spreads one wing Calmwell ledge Winding through autumn colors The sound of a creek Cold sky My boots grind stones In the dry wash Clanging buoy How many voices? Does the sea have? Cold rain Tips of new tulips Rim the muskeg Spring thaw The ewe wants to be petted In all the old places A doortodoor salesman Longens his stride The scent of wisteria Winter Beach The glint of white In the Raven's eye The cattails Lose their heads March wind Night rain The new puppy suckles In his sleep One white lily In the Koi Pond Mother's Day The observatory dome Opens wide Moths Village Square Old faces borrowing angles From the stone Her only nipple Beginnings to harden A new year Written exams In the silence The scent of peeled orange Winter rain Gull's swim into The hockey goal Trickling pool A snappers stillness Among the stones Subzero Geese, flow backwards With the swollen tide Windless day Kissing snowflakes On her hair First day of spring The faded strike zone On the schoolhouse Winter tide An abalone shell Too deep to reach Distinct church bell Snowflakes, vanish In dark water Playing chess A crow lands On a patch of snow Winter thaw The neighbor throws toys Back across the fence First fine day A mother and her baby Babble back and forth Family reunion Wild turkeys Among the headstones Late day shadows The gravedigger hangs his coat Over the stone angel Accompanyed for prayer The Bonsai Pine In its tiny pot The corner Where nothing grows Moonlight Raw wind And right on, cue The scrawny dog that limps Hazy afternoon Hedge trimmers ratchet up The Cicada frenzy My friends wake A bookshelf labeled To be read Opening the door To let the old dog out Moonlight on my toes A foot of snow The cat out loving and Where is the garden, Buddha? New Year's Eve Bath I fail to become A swan Meeting a Hummingbird On the way to the bath My nakedness Scuba diving Cloud shadows On the coral Camper faucet The day's last sunlight Drops away Nightfall Prairie wind Streeps, roadside reflectors In the dark The mountain Loses its name noon heat Moving grass Swings the sky Giggles of children The Golden Retriever Shakes off the river Honeysuckle The silent flight of fruit bats Above the river Ring of mountains Elders walk the drum beat Around a fire pit Autumn Moon Everything I own Fits in the canoe Kindergarteners Cracking peanuts with A rocking chair Nursing infant The odor of wet wool In the subway Breaking heat wave The slow return Of wind chimes July 4th Small talk over beer With a redcoat Afternoon thunder Green sprouts From the hay bales New plans for the day Water running away From the rain Dental office The orchid stem Flowerless Country diner A ceiling fan turns Paper snowflakes Blowing rain Colors blend On a garden pinwheel Sundial Time pauses For a cloud First warm spell I gaze into the sky Where the shuttle streaked? Our neighbor sings Spring snow melts In the muskeg Rain A cup of chamomile tea And Cherry blossoms Today, the courage To speak to her Sweet breeze The quince tree flutters With red parrots Spring breakup My missing button In her sewing box Water sounds My memory wanders the coast Of a summer lake Kitchen mopup The peace of moving out In widening arcs Telling it Like it is One black crow Bird watching Ned boys in the canal Make a pose Old tombstone Losing its name Merger first star Heat lightning The shuttle snaps Across the warp Snow on thin ice Skid marks Where the hare turned? Winter night The understanding eyes Of a lumpy teddy New Year's Day The cat leaves a hairball On the bed False spring The wavering reflection Of a broken branch Ship horns! Footprints crisscross The misty beach Trial separation Ice distends The rain gutters Winter rain A long trail of ants To the honey jar Winter rain I search for ways To be four again The word "father" In Tatsukos, Haiku scroll Winter Camellias Spring scents My dog and I walk Through different worlds Dwindling light My childhood home A parking lot Retirement options? First ice Rims the campus pond Sunset on ice My slow shadow By Giacometti Winter windstorm A tea kettle whistles On the woodstove Frozen sky The star over home Bigger than the others My father's globe So many countries With wrong names One last look Through the old apartment A dry sponge Musical over The chill an exit door Let's in Winter evening Neither of us bothers To remove the tea bags Crackling frost Fox Kits tumble In the moonlight Upcurls of morning fog The waterfalls lather On boulder, Moss Walking for my health The mutter of ducks Under the pier Autumn afternoon A tramp warms his back "Against a headstone Fluttering At the edge of the farm Surveyor's flags A distant tractor Long into the evening Curlews Ripe blueberries The morning, mist Knife high Parrot or fruit bat Examining the shape? Of the apple core Sunset The shimmer Of dragonfly wings Pickle truck An old retriever [Laps] The wind A sheep dying In dirty straw It's blond eyelashes Freshly washed hair Smell of the wind Rushing past New to the islands She sniffs The hibiscus War jitters Brushstroked Hollyhocks Stand at attention So many stars Through the pruned grapevine The buzz of mosquitoes Dawn I come face to face With a mountain Maple shade Young girls follow their recipe For mud pies Open drawbridge Counting the masts Of ships unseen Twilit path A Tarantula Lifts a leg First light I pretend to shave My son's lathered face Monday morning A flaw in the shadow Of the sugarbowl Spring clouds Packed all over the mountains New puppies sleep Headstone A dash Between the years The lingering sound Of a bell Sun on old wood 'Salely' With my cheerios And another missing child Misty window A child draws the rain With slashing lines Fast freight A yellow dandelion Between blue rails Gravity Ground Offshore kelp billowing With the tide Despite My forgetfulness Pink geraniums Birthday morning The moth on the mirror In a different place Grey morning The shire Horses Fetlocks Caked with mud Small town The smell of Everyone's wood Ground hog day Artillerie loosens its grip On my thumb Weekday morning Gulls gather Round the icefishing hole First warm day The boys show off A handful of grubs No room for doubt The swallows Red throat Snowdrops On the grave A yew's shadow Flickering candles A wren chirps Between hymns Signs of spring The expiration date On fatfree milk Early spring The teenager guns His engine Spring wind A man with wooden hands unfolds a paper Spring, Hague A whiff of spruce From the avalanche debris Sowing lupine In the rain His pleasure voice Ebb tide The Sand Castle Moat Still showing clouds Seaside Caf The wind ripples My oyster soup Again, negotiations fail The clay path broken By a mushroom Our first meeting A snowflake melts On my lips Bedtime story My grandfather's fingers Touching the braille Morning sun Fish scales glisten In the otter scat His passing The Magenta Chrysanthemum Still fresh End of twilight Duck Wings, whistle Above the path Tracings of snow On the forest boughs A horned owl's face Iconic wind The garbage can rolls Back and forth Cats faint tread The light Before sunrise First day of school The Latin teacher Coated in chalk Continental's edge A mound of jellyfish The color of twilight Shooting star A night bird Cries out Rooling sea Blue anemones Along the path Meditation hour The rain "Changing rhythm" Full moon A shadow under the curl Of each wave Morning wind Shadows of gulls Skim the dunes Breakwater rocks Where I left off yesterday The morning tide Standing in the brook Malformed toenails Relieve a turtle Strict trail A wild rose catches My breath Unlock afternoon The deepening hole beneath The woodpecker's beak Storm lull Freshly crumpled paper Creaks twice Porn porch swing The occasional drip Of gathering dew First, Phlox A dewdrop on the tip Of my nose Crevasse My shadow's head Disappeareds Storm clouds, roil Across the prairie She marks her place From childhood The firefly jar Light hair in it False Dawn A ruffed grouse drums The wood's awake Spring breeze The smell of new tires From the bike shop Little loose cloud And the blue balloon? Finding each other Clinic appointment I stop To pet pussy willows White marble I am small at the feet Of Lincoln Snarled traffic A mosquito buzzes In my ear Spring landscape A water colorist's brush Tints the stream Splendy irises The boy asks Where babies come from? The chorus Before the cranes Spring sky Spring ends The old acacia Remains leafless Anemones Closing petals in the stream Windstreaked clouds Slave Cemetery The tug of the current On willow fronds Stone Garden This morning, the islands Float on snow Wood, sorrel A bumblebee works The last patch of sun Fruitcellar coolness Mama, pits cherries With a paperclip Green grass My hopes Just so high The dogwood And the cats meow The color of twilight First night In the new bedroom Wisteria Soft rain Hopscotch, Pebble In a puddle Special guest Moving the cherrywood bowl In sunlight Summer rain Her Kimono tied Loolly She asks me If I love her Evening star Summer begins The sound of a stick Dragged across a fence Cabin fever I spin the child's globe Until it blurs blue Sunny Sunday Carpenter bees working The new shed Railway station A Banyan tree's roots Yet to reach the ground Garden pond A koi nibbles At spring rain Dandelion Bouquet I wash the bitterness From his hands Gentle rain Apple blossom footprints Around the teacher's desk Aspen, plumes Shower, Sacagawea's statue Midday silence Late afternoon Up to its belly in hyacinths A pregnant buffalo May sun I'm the one The puppy comes to A small cup With a broken handle Baby's tears Animal skull The child fingers Her eye Screeching gulls Under the Tangy Sea scent odors of decay Moonlit stroll Her demons, my demons The sea Christmas dinner The handle broken off A tradition Cool morning Dumped coffee grounds Steam beside Violets First warm day Looking for eagles And finding the sky Outgoing tide A funeral At the Cliffs Edge Winter sickness My daughter tucks me in For the first time Yet some new snow From the treetops Bird by bird Morning twilight A breeze lifts the palest Of the ivy leaves Church Cemetery A wasp starts its nest In Mary's hand Post to post A woodpecker searching The meadow fence Fingerlings A water moccasin Poses as a reed Dowser's hands The pull in a switch Of willow Wind gust My children's breath While they sleep Fowhorns A fish in the silence Between? Cowbell's clonking On a torpid afternoon The muddy river ford Smoke over the river The restlessness Of Crows Dying maple Just enough leaves For the wind to rustle Tundra Swans In the mist Snowflakes Winter fog Car after car Into the bridge The hang time Of grasshoppers Lazy afternoon Invisible door The orphan opens it For his brother Summer night The store owner buys something From his own machine Flickering light On a vase of wildflowers Sound of the wind Midsummer Childhood pathways Lost to wildflowers Gaunt, children Selling old bayonets noonday, sun Evening cool My two small images In the cat's eyes Simmering fireflies The overgrown field Since father's illness Woodland stroll The same bird call Always just ahead Sunny rain Colour of finches Matching the leaves? Storm clouds The valley darkens Farm by farm Hokusais wave A child shapes his fingers In claws Cold spring rain A yellow wheelbarrow Starts to shine Sunlit meadow Fritillaries Just frittering A lizard tail Released in my pinched fingers The scent of thyme The pregnant woman Shifts on the bleachers Extra innings Smell of roses The healer's hands Grow warmer Dogday night One bug, Zap At a time The bride On her way to the groom Purpose of rose Blissing heat A child frightens me With a rubber spider Street fair Colors from the suncatcher Touch the mime Firy sky Swift's spiral In a chimney Hot night The orchestration of crickets And tinkling ice Departure day The car covered With Pollen Easter afternoon The sides of a dairy cow Heave in labor Mother's Day That first breath of air Outside the door Fly fishing The frog Too Memorial Day In the moment of silence A mourning dove Spring morning We argue about crab apple And cherry blossoms Leaving the paddock? The colour of dandelions Coming with me Spring afternoon Even the river stones Turning green Memorial Day Cut flowers, lie In ranks of white Cattails bursting A red rowboat tangled In willow branches Autumn walk Our cat greets us At a neighbour's house Cold wind The woodpecker taps Faster and faster Our holiday home The hoot of an owl Reminds me of him First, peepers Blue smoke blowing In dusk Morning light Through bonechina bowls A bluebird song Thin clouds Streit the sun Rumors of layoffs? Threat level orange Wild Ducks land On the White House lawn A thud on the glass Awaken! From my dream of flying Open window Through the moonfilled night The mockingbird Fresh grave The bare earth covered With cut flowers Sandstorm The scent of rain From somewhere A week of rain In the strangers, yawn? A train whistle Supper cooking A wind with storm in it Comes through the wheat Dusty Mullions Early twilight creeping From living room corners The wave Curbs on and on Indian summer Boardedup drugstore "Grass lengthens" Between concrete cracks Desert chill The Ocotillos long reach To the stars Bread rising A crumb In an old book Lunar eclipse I remember my last Menses Moonlight Crossing the tide flats In someone's footprints Withering heat Schoolyard tetherballs hang "Against their poles Blazing sun The fly caught beneath A wine glass A shorebird's red bill The tide rushing In a mussel bed "Still waves" The herring gulls Pink legs The longest day Slowly the cat [licks each paw] Thunder The white side Of the leaves A gull slips On the polished handrail Rolling thunder Beachcomber Cones of sand fill Her smile lines Leaving for home Strokes of seaweed wrap Around our ankles Late wisteria The stepladder Wobbles Twilight The poultry truck returns With empty cages The bee dies Separate from its stinger And I Sunday drive The spider web snaps As I pull away Light lace curtains Caught by a breeze Dandelion Seeds Summer noon The taste of childhood In forest berries The Rivers movement Spoked through trees Midsummer Eve Prayer for peace The ripples of striders overlapping Summer shower We pass through To a dry street Lightning flash Both cats asleep On the tile floor No breeze Children on branches Swing their legs Moon shimmer A whippoorwill [Stammers] A friend A friend of a friend Twilight The stone back Ants that were under The stone Cherry petals drifting Across the sunny porch The cat yawns Cracks in cement Prepackaged soil For wildflower seeds Spring wind The pregnant woman walks In the ocean Last light The mockingbird Tries a new song Mother's day alone A neighbor's first Iris Pucks through the fence Spotting shed The scattered leaks Of sunlight Workday over She presses her face In wet lilac leaves Evening calm A Hummingbird works her way up The trumpet vine Summer solstice A roofer lays new slates Among the old Falled leaves The child in her Gives a kick Coyotes The strange shape Of moonlit mist Slightly gust The toddler points In his sleep Waking alone? 'Moreing doves' In the rain Piano practice Her hand reaches In the morning sun Lakeshore at Dusk The mountain reappears With strawberry snow Blackout Children cast animal shadows By candlelight midnight One branch sawing Through another A ray of sun Invisible Until the goldfinch Lilacs on the breeze Linging! I reset the sundial Ter feathers In the surfcaster's hat Autumn Sunset Rock, strata The space in the photo Between Grandma and me "Dancing Moon" Faded chalk stars On the sidewalk Fowhorns I'd forgotten how close We live to the river Morning, mist A train whistle, Mingles With the moravian band The car packed One last pebble Cast into the sea Pay day The field hand bends over His lotto scratcher New school year The sound of the stream Returns September morning None of the students Has failed Lunch with my ex A kingfisher, preens In the bare orchid tree Sultry morning The child's rag doll (Climped on the veranda Touching the tree Where we carved our names Water shimmers Eiderdown On the river August Moon A snail Thrusts out its horns Soft rain Thunderheads The clam dropped by a gull Misses the rock Reading a harlequin In the shade of a tree The heat "Grand on the graves" A whippoorwill Far away Fresh palette A fisherman whets His blade Autumn Ocean The wind In a wave Creak of the swing My feet still reach The sky Country Road I quietly cross The equator Twilight A child's pail taken By the tide Smell of lemon The glint of a sunbeam On polished pews Home from the lawyer My old soft shimmy And a bowl of huckleberries First light Filling the orchard Squeak of the pump What my words can't explain The autumn sun On your back Quiet afternoon Leaves on her desk Arranged by colour Creaking gate The crows evenly spaced Between the headstones Summer night Slowly, he disappears In Cicada song The angle Of the fruit picker's ladder Autumn light Continued heat How does the maple know? That it's autumn Holding her close The pulse Of cricket song Sunlit Lake Her face After baptism Summer writing camp Sound of a skill saw Through the barn window Lateday, sun The cavity of a snag Laced with webs Euucalyptus trees Sway in the hot wind A taste of grit Summer evening A muskrat rests its head On driftwood Afternoon, Hake The slow windup Of a cicada Unemployed A pillar of mayflies Whispering in the sun Ninthinning tie The slow shadow of the pitcher Approaches the mound Windy dusk A dog waits by The collapsed bridge Airless night Dust from the window frame On my fingers Moonbeams The thin legs Of a new frog Frog song A bromeliad Gathers rain Spotlighting viewpoint A kite string leads down To the ice cream van Sunglare The rasp as my clam rake Claims Tin Cans Teacolored creek Live salmon, make their way Past the dead Willow shadows The drip of water From a moose's chin [Mockingbird] Not a hint Of this record high The wave turning back The deep blue Of the seashell Up from the harbor Fish smells follow The Donkey Trail Midsummer stream A grackle dips its beak In shimmer Family reunion Fragments of old photo albums On the porch floor Winter Moon Dying echoes Of the coyotes, howl? Crow's bicker In the morning light Our twisted sheets Chinese pork stall The Deep Valley In a chopping log Cloudy sky A little boy imitates The cuckoo Jazz in the night Leaves blow across The empty intersection The long night A warm glow From the baker's window City morning A crane lifts its shadow Up the wall Farmers market The bee balm lady Drawing all the butterflies Sun shower The surveillance camera Fixed on a puddle White hydrangeas Motherhood is missing From my resum Vacations end Wheard wipers in synch With the radio Autumn Wind The leaves are going Where I'm going? Oh, oh, oh The mouths of Japanese women On a woodcut The highs and lows Of our conversation The dog's eyebrows On a slip of paper A number without a name Autumn, drizzle A friend has died Migrating Geese Still migrating Black mesa A water serpent winds Around the clay pot Windswept corner Every time A surprise Quiet day A falling leaf Touches my face Summer Garden The full stretch Of the hose Deepening winter He listens To her womb Alone tonight The calla lily curves In shadow Summer's end The beach umbrella man Packs up to leave Mile after mile Of barbed wire Wind in the sage Woodpecker The higher pitch Of a hickory Rows of corn dancers The blackandwhite smile Of a Pueblo clown Lost in reeds A bittern points the way To the morning moon Summer ending A dry wind weaves The willows together River Reverie Cottonwood leaves shimmer In the autumn breeze The first cool night Nearly forgotten faces Lively in dreams Shooting star Father's Ring Slips off my finger Walking home from church Sun on the other side Of my face Summer heat The grin on the face Of my neighbors dog Distinct thunder The scolded girl Steps on every crack The gift pen Runs out of ink Summer rainstorm Lending heat Out of a small shop The smell of the past Muggy morning Turning over a beetle In the corn maze Almost ripe The pineapple that was So hard to draw A week of rain Peppermint drops Fused in a clump [Cambodian sunset] Children bathe In the Brown River Stonehenge The druid arrives In his psychedelic car Postal form The gift value of a bottle Of empty cicadas Rocky Portage Someone familiar? In the stranger's face Summer afternoon The boys tell stories About someday Wild oats The missing fence rail At the donkey's feet Ligened shrine A farmer studies The roof thatch Dust cloud The dump truck weighed down With Wilderness Armour deep In a cold stream Fools gold thesis The sounds of childhood Through my study window Summer meadow Awaking to a crowd Of cows Only a chimney And dust of adobe bricks Yellow Roses Long afternoon The peanut vendors, bell Jingles in another street Insomnia The breakup Moth by moth My neighbor's bicycle Went to the fence Drifting plum petals Unlock conversation Stole shadows Crisscross the sand Spring twilight Buddies of water lilies Still submerged Evening rain The deaf dog sleeps With a paw on my foot The cool breeze Between spadefuls of gravel A nightingales song Childhood garden Smell of the magnolia That once stood here Cattail, slough A slight seepage In the weave of tracks Tea garden The Dr Doolittle in me [whispers to a turtle] A field of crickets Stepping in the spaces Between their songs Wood smoke draped in the treetops All souls day Latenight foghorns Straightening the cut line On a pan of brownies Night of no moon From the trawler's lamp One small pool of light The nail sinking in My father's hammer In my hand Ancient cedars The dog bends her head And sniffs Cicada Chorus A circle of freshmen Share a smoke Approaching winter I leave the seashell At the bottom of the purse Night scaffold The workman slightly bigger As a shadow War news The underbelly of a moth Pressed to my window Deathbed My old friend's imitation Of a firefly Ice moon The cat grooms away My touch Lily, stamens Almost touching Cicada cry Dry leaves On the trampoline The Foster Child's Fifth Placement Indian summer A bee bounces around In the beer can A teacup Held with both hands October, Gale Chill wind! A crow drinks From the rainfilled stump Steel Towers Webbing Earth and Sky The glow from Mars Autumn, Equinox Making a new arrangement? Out of the old Autumn campgrounds Lysol from the men's room In the breeze Autumn chill A buttefly swept up With the leaves Black ice The crossing guards sneeze Goes unblessed Temple at night The flickering shadows Of gods and goddesses Hot as blazes A sinkful Of cat Besides my car The morning sunrolling Along the wall of corn Cigardas None of the sawn boards Even in length Fistful of sand The milky way stretching To where my wife lives September sunset Cows come single file Through the pasture gate Bookmobile Day Huckleberries bloom Along the white picket fence Hitting the ridge? Trail dust settles On tree tops Changing wind Tarpon Bones In the surf A conference badge On the bombsniffing dog Another September Alone tonight Light on my bedroom wall From the neighbour's house Just you and me Awaken all night Bullfrog Street of rain The list of Errands folded Smaller Poises by rilke All morning, the drifting Of pine pollen A purple tree When did I stop? Being young Day Moon A child feigning sleep In the hammock Quiet rain Garden gate held open With a hoe Flating clouds Fragments of a conversation Across the lake Children playing [Sale Bubbles Burst] In the fir needles Sunny day Losing all sense Of my stone pillow Carefully tended roses He dozes in the swing She always loved Evening fog We walk home by the light Of burning leaves My eyebrows Grown longer Winter night Winter stars Wondering what inspired? The abacus Christmas morning A yellow ribbon Of sun Birch shadows Lace the snowcovered courtyard A burst of wrensong A puppet taken From the Toyshop window Winter rain [Little window] The cat peeps in Through frost patterns "Bloomy cold" The bell ringer Peppermint breath Resting his head On her warm flank Morning milking Subway graffiti About someone's mother "Furth Moon" Hunter's Moon Wind in silver waves Through the beach grass [ Shouting ] Couple Wave after wave nears The seawall A load of salt hay Tucking in the roses For the long sleep She keeps speaking In the stillness Autumn stars Long shadows Many places To cross the creek Steel, grey sea An old woman cuts kelp From the rocks Still water The Grebes rise Breast to breast Open hospice door A path of moonlight Across the sea Giving sound To my creaky steps Old plank Scrimmage The wide receiver catches Rain [Screen Stars] The cabby speaks Of home Bed of spring, Moss She tosses her hair Over his shoulder There must be light Where they come from? Chestnut blossoms Autumn Creek Each leaf shadow haloed In sunlight Last cast A fisherman's breath Becoming river mist Moon shadow An owl, plucks a mouse From rising water Afternoon, Burble The yin yang of two beef tongues In a pot Hospital Ward I try to isolate Her special scent Still water The crayfish slips under The sky Moon, almost full The blackness flows Abroad Falling leaves The same old man returning To the same old park bench Childhood home Twilight As I arrive Wish made Concentric ripples Spread away Blessing dawn The cat's slow progress Toward the kitchen Dusty Temple Yard Buddhas Sandstone face Wretched away Falled leaves The first words of the letter I regret Nearly dusk The playground, astir With dragonflies First autumn rain Dust on the umbrella plant Interrupted Morning cool Silences of the faithful Murmuring chants War again The starlings Fly south Autumn leaves A cowslip blooms Out of time Falled nest! Turning back the clock One hour A barrow of windfalls Enoughing out Applescented rain Vendor on the beach From hand to hand The spinning pinwheel The crab points skyward With its remaining claw Crane's shadow Rain stopped The sunflower drips In its shadow Urgered in a coat He never wore Autumn, Equinox Gray morning sky A herring gull drops a mollusk On top, rocks Afternoon swim In his hair The scent of fish Factory whistle Blue morning, glories On the flag pole Labor Day An apple bough bent To the ground Autumn, Equinox Fresh tooth marks In the old birch Flowering field The farmer's new fenceposts Squarely staked New rain The odour of Kangaroos From the hollow [Meadowlarks] Glear Over the ripe, grainfield Tips of deer velvet Dry, arroyo Click of insects On slabs of slate Sun blocked by clouds Mile after mile In silence Darkening sky Between Mimosa blooms An iridescent honeyeater Spring rain An old stone wall Between pastures Unison shifting Of graduation tassels The expanse of sky Wildfire How loud the forest? Sounds Summit view My friend examines His shoes Home for Christmas My brothers argue over The Cracker Jack Prize Winter dreams At her bedside, a basket Tied of sweet grass "Chatribe" The dogs that barked at each other Bark together A lost ball Among fallen leaves His grave Frozen rain The old doe Slow to leave the meadow Hunter's Moon A Christmas beetle slips From the child's hands The passing year A jetliner disappears In gray clouds Snowfall A child draws the horizon On a window An old ache returns Trayer ruts Filled with snow Winter forest The mist From a whisper Shooting star What do fish? See at night Grown overnight In the city square A Christmas tree Two crows working The twilight crosswinds My pregnant wife Patches of sky The ship's waves sink In the ocean Frozen cold The crow leaves With a caw December traffic White puffs From the police whistle Almost dusk An extension cord dangles In falling snow Gale force wind The shrieks of gulls Flying in place Last goodbye Smell of his wool coat Deeper into my nose Moonrise Shreds of a wasp nest Dispared in the snow Dew on the morning paper "Grand blades" Unbending Much chirping Sparrows settle on the wire Immediately spaced Sundown A circle of yellow Under the ginkgo Full moon Two lovers hugging One shadow Door ajar Breathing in A neighbor's fire Recess Bell Frost on the rungs Of the slide The gravel layer Of a Cavedin bank November Light Thanksgiving, Storm Scarlet leaves strewn On the dining room table Moonlight Fraternities In the crystal dragon A grasshopper On the storm door Latenight wind Low moon The canoes shadow rocks On the river Birdsong Through open windows He lifts the veil Midday sun rinsing a justpulled melon In the rusty tub Summer past The peony That never bloomed Shadowy steps Climbing towards the sound Of a shakuhachi "Grass gone to seed" Tiny brown moths flicker About my ankles Summer fog Thins in the sun A swan emerges His arthritis Guided the hoe Late tomatoes October sun A couple hold their embrace In the sculpture garden A towhee calls From the seldomused gate Autumn Dawn First light Pulling nightcrawlers? From the mud The wingpulse Of a shiny wasp Heat waves Wet sand A crab comes up Out of the moon A skiff Broken loose Wild flowers Summer grasses The trail upstream In tomorrow Morning sun The shine On a buttercup The polished surface A white heron hesitates To put its foot down Blazing heat My long shadow Unusual Children's laughter A naked woman bathing In the river A trout erupts Through iridescent ripples Summer Sunset Winter wind A wasp nest tumbles From the Eaves Windswept day A skater opens her coat To cross the lake Approaching spring A fire made of letters Written overnight Deep chords From the practice room A bee stirs applemint Spring Moon The sleeping dog Wears a puppy's face Snowed in A silverfish In my teacup February A sharpened edge On the shovel A late arrival In the back row The odor of rain Vesper Bells Calling asylum inmates Hazy Moon! New Year's Eve Flash of a firework Through the wool curtain January Dawn I scatter rock salt From where I've landed The paraplegics gaze Climbing bare branches With the jay A shy toddler The rest home seniors Come to life Winter landscape One more raven flaps out Of her paintbrush Holidays over Dry roses On the secretary's desk Snowdust Boulder to boulder A Bobcat Sunlit hoarfrost The man who survived a stroke Tried to smile While I napped The Amyllis opened wide Winter sunshine Backroad Moon shadows drift With the snow A friend dies The surrounding mountains seem Taller and closer The long night A kaleidoscope of moth parts In the overhead lamp Steeltown Christmas Sprain blurs The neon welcome Winter afternoon Bringing the laundry in Steering First snow The cough from a stubbled face In the soup line Iconic road A cloud covers the moon In the dead deer's eyes Old neighborhood The haunted house Now painted yellow Feeding the pigeons? On Christmas morning The can collectors red socks Winter dusk Fow flowing up The dry canal Ripening blueberries A river carries sunlight Down the valley Weathered cattails Sparrowsong skitters Through the bog The moon's brightness After midnight Cornstalk, tepees Autumn gust A squirrel with an acorn Back up the tree Tent revival Between parables Locusts Landing? The heron's neck curves In itself Swimming laps The moon One stroke ahead Thanksgiving day A squirrel pulls Indian corn From my neighbor's door Scramble of jets A chipmunk Runs for cover Autumn sun The white and whiter shades Of a fountain Now and then the wind Through the Ponderosa Pines Billows of pollen Outstretched arms Of a giant saguaro Afterglow Summer rain The shape of the birthmark On her shoulder A lone inmate On the prison grounds Summer rain Track, meet A few grains of sand In the drinking fountain Lending heat The taste of hibiscus tea On his lips Purpure evening She thumbs through glossy pages Without reading Constant drizzle Bridetobe oscillating Between yes and no A hard rain What cloud? Could have held it Swollen stream A tick on new grass extends Both front legs Depth of winter Raising more face cream In my crowsfeet Icecold morning Even the dog Holds her water Valentine's Day At the back of the greenhouse Withered poinsettias Springtime A pair of ravens falling Over and over Dune grass A yellow butterfly weaves In and out of shadow Brought wind I draw my quilt close and worry About the birds Winter stillness A low nickering From the horses Mother's scarf Slides from my shoulder Wild Violets [Tananmen Square] I buy a kite shaped like a bird Birthday sunrise No extra waves In the ocean Blackened forest A mushroom gnawed white A small bowl Of imported oranges Snow outside Winter sky We decide to take The slower road Spring fog A shoulder of mountain Crooked with pines Alleluias A trapped bird flutters about The church Dawn Between branches the night Fades into sky Snowbound The orange tip Of a traffic cone Parting clouds A crack in the ice Follows the riverbend In the music room With each inbreath Hyacinths Religion aside There are plum blossoms And pussywillows Twilit, tombstone An owl Drops a pellet Departing hearse The coldness as a wheelchair Touches my leg (Slightly) Riddle A moon spindles out In other's Winter Beach The skywriting drifts In clouds Distinct glimmer Of a beach fire Autumn Moonrise [ thick fog] The sound of raven wings Between firs Traffic tieup A fisherman on the bridge Casts a long line Waiting! A leaf falls In my lap Winter sun A last ray flares From behind clouds Moon shadows Between screams The baby yawns ThRongtree Fence Even shadows seldom Come inside Gloves of fishermen Hanging on a clothesline Shadows of gloves Summer's end The staggered heights Of black umbrellas A pause in the rain The old man goes out To check the mailbox 4h, fair Such a longhandled brush To lather the pig Faded sale sign A sailboat heeled over In the tall weeds Restoring a fresco Light changes Along the Grand Canal Blinding rain I find an old loves name In the obituaries Autumn crabapples A neighbor and I Compare aches and pains Dexterous fog The pine smudged In shadow Open casket The absence Of his cologne Lonelyse A hint of salt In the rain (Neasecushioned Path ) Only when he hops The red toad Maine Granite poking up Through the lawn (Slightly arc) Of the stepping stones Summer Moon Spring rain Dad's name misspelled In the obituary Mountain air A caterpillar reaches The twigs end Warm rain In the center of the tree stump A black hole Peony buds Can an ant? Relax! Tiring heat The newspaper story continues On another page First blossoms The heron's nest Out on a limb Dawn light On white camellias The fever breaks White plum blossoms Motherofpearl on the Korean chest Gathers the dawn The kite Caught by a tree Still flying Spring breeze One raindrop nudged In another [Wrinking snow] I know why The caged bird sings A single bark From below the village Mist rising Morning breeze A butterfly sways With the blossom A puppy chasing It's tail I unbraid my hair Staple glass, Sunray In the chalice The creaking of knees Spring Festival Hazel clatters On the stage Spring sun The whiteness Of my scar Spring thaw The splinter in my finger Finally comes out Wild Geese Nesting in the Marsh grass She takes my hand Honeymoon We wade into the current Of a great river By the statue Of the Polar Explorer Lending snow Stone Fountain The blind girl drinks With cupped hands A sinkhole Where the tree was? Spring runoff Lover's kissing As the tulips close Spring rain Butterfly's Throughout the meadow Gypsy music Taking off the chill Flickers of color From the funnies Cold dawn Bird feathers stuck On the cat door Record cold The flattened bubbles Of river ice Scrubwoods A homeless man At home Winter sun The curve of laughter Down the treehouse slide Reflecting On his distance Winter Moon To start The fire Obituaries My cough Scatters the waxwings New Year's Day Falled leaves A Tarantula's legs Still uncovered Jazz In the long, cool evening The sound of Geese leaving Echo of a bell A monk checks his step Over a garden snail Open window The neighbors parrot answers My oven timer Dawn A vee of goslings, swims Toward the moon Wikiper's wiping Slush from the windshield Radio Love Song A slug trail Moonlight Streits my shoe Pink clouds So hot the morning The circus arrives Afternoon bath The mockingbird echoes A thrush Late autumn Driving toward the sunset All the way home Fumbling To unlock the door Winter stars Spring sky A pair of ravens Owning it Wooted barnyard The old farmer waltzing With a wayward cow Pruding old roses The taste of blood On my tongue Water strider The wake Of an oar Creek crossing The uneven footing On the other side Breezy afternoon Making a kite again After many years Nature preserve Encircling its marker An endangered plant A rest by the stream Burr's on the tongue Of my tennis shoe Midstream A doe waits for her fawns Summer twilight A row of canoe paddles Hanging on a rail Evening stillness Easter stars A rising chorus Of treefrogs Redwing blackbirds Vie for the tallest stalk Spring wind Adrift Between ice floes April, sun Peace Officer's Memorial The empty slots For future names The secret she tells A wave opens Over the headland Early morning A sparrows wingbeats Through the stillness The kites pull In another life I wore A braided pigtail The sweet alyssum Between my grandparents, graves Spring afternoon After the funeral Children at play Hey, Barbie 'Teedpool' Hermit crabs Shifting shells Lakewind, Billows The Minister's Robe Easter sunrise Daylight savings The coal train Seems longer A field mouse In the cranes beak Mud month Juggling five white balls A cabbage butterfly Joins in Dandelion fluff My breath sails on Without me Brambles wrapped Around barbed wire First leaves The clink of change In a roadside coffee can Cut daffodils First fine day Working the kinks out Of the vine Farmers market A ladybug comes With the kale Folding the tripod The cloud I photographed Drifts apart Hostel for the homeless A flock of pigeons Solves Grumbling turnips In a steel bowl Afternoon snow "Against the Night Sky" The curved shape of an owl My mitten in yours Spring night Squirting green dish detergent On the roach Late March The snowman's nose Dripping Watercolours Strung across the art room Winter rain Christmas guests gone Father sleeps in his wheelchair Candlelight silence Almost spring The untouched mousetraps In the attic Vernal, Equinox A pebble casts a shadow On the concrete floor Cemetery The blownover, Oak Leafing Night lightning The Rambutan trees empty spaces Fill with brightness A warm breeze Before the clock alarm Star Jasmine Fountain Children watching It's ups and downs Midday call The owl deepens A Redwood forest Sunshine fills the place Where he huddled? Old cat's passing You didn't have to Be there at Woodstock Tonight's Sky Leaf shadows Pink and blue paint cans In the baby's room A cicada drops On the easel pad Cloud shadow Guest's arrive In our greetings A cloud of gnats Deer Hunters Trample the leaffall Our small dog's grave Dusty path The summer taste Of raspberries Next to each other A boat full of people One full of pelicans Glassy Pond The rattling blue dive Of a kingfisher Desert twilight A packrat peers into My empty boot Cool summer night A full moon Frames the bird feeder A sweat bee Stings my hand Summer heat Becalmed A blue butterfly Clings to the sail Twilight Lake A merganser pulls silver water In dark Saguaro blossoms In Moonlight The first bat's shadow Distinct thunder The old dog growls In his sleep Stallled train The red flash Of a blackbird's wing Spring rain The old mathematician walks With a closed umbrella My glissando Past the schoolyard railing Spring wind Evening cool A blue balloon Rises out of sight Debris Whets growing over Some saddle shoes Waiting for the light [ umbrellas] Touch Rapids in the gutter Brushing my hair One hundred times Cat in love North Wind Buffets the hilltop field Blackeyed Susans Scalling waves Power walkers Swung their arms Summer thermal A wheel of ravens Spins out of sight Outgoing tide Jellyfish fade With the sky Misty moon Straits of a boatman's song Lost at sea Lonelyse A piece of driftwood Keeps returning Bull through binoculars Blured fence Focused eye A dried lemon Falls from the tree The day lengthens Starless night One long blast From the ship's horn Footprints A warm lantern Left on the sand Hideandseek The weeping willow Giggles A rooster The split rail fence Zigzags Commemoration Day Wind not strong enough To flutter the flag Cold rain Rice spewing from a hole In the bag First light Guessing at the depth Of overnight snow A little girl Watching a cocoon? Wings Clear Lake Spring clouds glide Toward the dock Cherry blossoms The parish priest Straightens his collar Windblown rain The labored purring Of an old cat An osprey's nest Even here The use of plastic Budding trees Chafe marks From new sandals Rural prison Larksong drawing up faces From the pens Cold rain Cherry petals in the street With Lotto tickets Garage sale Memories For a quarter Summer night The sound of a car About to go by Late evening The monks chanting Be overcome by cicadas Overcast sky News of a colleagues Nervous breakdown Dusk The silence after A pomegranate falls Moving day Warm rain On cardboard Planets in line A moth flutters In the open doorway Foggy slope Tree roots for steps To the Waters Edge Gray Day No way around The puddles Flashing white On the evening path Rump of a rabbit Three stabs,three misses The heron Shakes its head Long, restless day The white eyes of a potato Under the cabinet Storm front Grckles, sweep In the wind All day rain The sag Of the toddler's diaper Heat wave Kids in the pet store Teasing a rat Roadside diner A fly inches across Distinct hills A wolf spider waits "Against the Woodstove window" Summer heat Slightly storm In the makeshift shelter An Anthill His letter arrives The sound of rain In the cornfield The wait To take a driving test Ants on the sidewalk A street musician Plums at his guitar Hot breeze Summer shower The sour smell of marigolds Along the path Creekside Meditation The play of light On birch bark Summer afternoon The sodas sound Changes as I drink Morning sun A man still sleeping On the pavement Independence Day Next to the floats, ants carry A butterfly corpse Pioneer Ford A rare wildflower graces Each molded bowl Lost in thought The track announcer's voice Drifts over the river Between hills The shimmering heat Reedy Duck Voices Last night's rain The bird bath full Of sparrows New leaves The tree growing Through a roof's remains A boy pitching pennies In the water basin Lowering clouds Summer humidity The circular motion Of the carousel Between innings The joy of the game On my son's face Clearing sky A child washes pebbles In a puddle Ready to garden In the potting shed, she gathers Her love handles Tornado Sky The mockingbird keeps Right on singing Midday train ride Fanning the child With Dr Seuss Summer evening The woodpecker Finishes [Wrinking snow] The distance between Someone else's steps New catkins A moose's behind At the edge of the willows Childhood home The pussy willow Just as it is My tears come Then the sound Spring rain Goose flight My gossipy neighbour Speechless Snowmelt Beaver Dam swept To the River's Edge Early spring Her handpainted Robin In my mailbox House for sale A bluetit tries out All the nest boxes May day Bees collecting nectar From Wilted Azaleas Moonlit Garden The asparagus Overcooked again Falled apples The mare's warm breath In my hand All hallows, Eve The summer people's porch light On all day [Cruthing fog] A little moonlight Crosses the river Geese overhead The dog stops licking To listen Door slammed Her perfume lingers In the frosty air Husking The band of white skin Where Mother's Ring was? A child's magician hat Dust motes float In the moonlit attic Autumn Moon The luminous whiskers Of a cat Willows In river, mist Year's end Snowflakes, whirl In the headlights Ghost stories Temperature rising The basset hound stretches Another inch This downpour Of plum rain I polish the silverware Lazy afternoon Two grasshoppers mating On my sandal Chipmunk In the Hawks, talons An acorn falls Coaster rain Scrubs the potato field The lustre of Crows Screened window (Shortly in and out of view) A woman's face New summer dress The roses in her garden Less symmetrical Wellworn ruts Between the old maples Hand in wrinkled hand First cast Sundance along the line Sinks into the sea Twilight glow A raft of Pond Geese Drides in silence Curb by curve I follow her down The river Summer solstice A school of minnows suspended In the stream Forest Path A spider web Catches my ear Eyes closed To a new morning [Mockingbird] Melody's Not watching the fireworks The big black dog In a child's lap A cool current Where the river deepens? Summer sky Flattened grass Where the bear slept? Stuff of salmon Silent friends meeting The sound of chairs being moved To enlarge the circle Dewpoint The Kleenex flowers wilt On a parade float Taos sunrise A polished pot On the adobe, sill Cutting The red bell pepper Cathedral chambers Fireworks I close my eyes For a second look Porn porch breeze A fluff of puppy hair In the pea hulls The eyes Of a scarecrow Harvest lightning Squatter camp The witchdoctors bones rattle With a passing train Camping out The flashlight beam Lost among stars Dawn The first sunflower Rises over the fence Dawn breeze A song of migrants From the potato field Old beehives In the weeds at the crossing A rumbling freight Enough tracks A stranger and I Looking in the same direction Driving past wheatfields Snipets of Meadowlark song From the fence posts [Still Bridge] Our shadows fall On the rocks Hazy sky The sound of the anchor Lowering Dusk Pelicans and cormorants Share the rocks Searing heat A passing bus stirs The first row of cotton Crossing the bridge The shadow of a gull I never see Right now While we chat Fish in the deep ocean Enough deck The seagull adjusts It's glide Tiny seashells Under the magnifying glass A cut finger Summer twilight The flap of pigeons In a dry fountain Chainlink fences The snowstorm melting Where it fell? Root cellar White sprouts reach for The slit of light Wrapping tulips Her fingertips smudged With yesterday's news At odds today Crowpecked plums In the leafy tree One year gone Crushed rose petals on the soles Of his garden boots Sunday morning A boy digs in the mud That buried a cathedral Old garden shed Climps of dirt shaped like pots The jockey's silks The yellow of a swallowtail I place my bet Soft rain A frog leaps from One leaf to another Start of a journey Peapers stuck In the tire treads Low sun Behind the churchyard [Plumbs of Earth] Early dusk An obituary taped In a used book Full moon The sidewalk curves Around tree roots It's whole body Cawing The crow A dried leaf Slips from her journal New Year's Eve Borried novel A bookmark left Near the end Sance A white moth flutters Above our clasped hands All souls eve Lungs of the Sycamore Through the fog Dying light The faint smell of camphor On old love letters Twenty below The milky way Lined up with the river For the fragrance Brushing tomato leaves Warm August sun Studio window A fly walks From cloud to cloud Summer heat The sticky touch Of blueeyed grass The warbler In a mockingbird's song Summer dusk Latesummer party Her few dance steps After the song ends The sun's warmth Part of the house We seldom use A hawk rising Between canyon walls Layers of heat Bird bath Miles of sky Reminded A circle of teens Playing hacky sack Summer twilight September morning The teacher writes her name On the blackboard Rustle of Bamboo The steady pace of Oxen Transporting fruit Wet summer night One neighbors, cigarette Joins another Afterglow A white heron vanishes In the rising fog Rain on the roof My breath stirs a cobweb In the corner Autumn rain A face in a window Behind rivulets Home from the funeral Finding the cat? In with his shoes Defunct nursery Every dead flower With a marker Getting to know the pine Clotted resin On the seat of my pants Medieval Washington's Hollows in the rock Where their knees were Outdoor concert The smell of grass By candlelight One hundred degrees The neighbor, I don't know Offers me a ride Cicada din A cell phone rings In the willows Summer solstice A climbing rose Button with blossoms A reed hangs From the Swans beak Hot afternoon Summer afternoon Nuns, giggle In a dim corridor River Bend The slow move Of an eddy Independence Day Slowly, the clouds Drift upstream Blazing sun The shape of her legs Through a thin summer dress Crowing, Cockerel The black cat takes Her morning wash Pieces Of a Robin's egg I look up Green tips of jonquils Grandpa changes the oil In the lawn mower Memorial Day The light blue sky crowded with clouds Days end A bit of clover Floats in the bath Gleavage stream Shadows of dragonflies Pass over the bridge Extended drought The wake of a goose Drifts toward shore Retirement Party Maple seeds spin slowly To the driveway Twilight lingers From the wrecking yard Flash of a blowtorch Autumn afternoon Wind blown leaves Caught by the brush pile Morning, mist The tick tick Of leaves falling End of summer The bumper car glides To a stop Cool, dusk Kookaburra Chatter From a tree's silhouette Insomnia The cat's breathing Deepens Heavy fog Among river rocks A single poppy The Gardener's truck Willow leaves scattering Down miles of highway End of summer The changing sound Of maple leaves Foggy morning Through the open window A blur of birdsong After a swim The rocks, warmth Soaring gull A firefly On my open palm It's moonshadow Kahlo exhibit The guard's face half lit Between two portraits Perseids A bat flits Across the yard The long segments Of the big dippers handle Summer fields Dry season The infant in the stroller Sucks his toes Heat lightning A siren Nearer and nearer First locust A breeze curls across The ripe wheat Blooming dresses Showned in the window ( eyebrow) Moon Wintering field Cranes as one Face the coyote Graffiti Wall The rain uncovers A poem Mountain Sunrise The silhouette Of distant firs Westbound train The Winter Sunset Lasts a while Clever dawn Rainbent, Briars Block the trail Evening haze Geese, come up from the pond In twos and threes A change in their voices Children finding A fledgling Fowhorn? The slow roll of a fish On the line Morning frost Stutter Of the rooster Gull's far off In the twilight, calm Lock waters, fall A skipping stone Strikes the moored sailboat Autumn, drizzle Cold Mountain Shadow The slow drip of a spring In sunlight The first flakes of snow Drifting down on the wetlands Canada Geese Autumn evening A hedgehog scurries Over cobblestones Coming home On the train The backyards Crisp air The sound of an ax Across the lake Down the train's long aisle Everyone else asleep Prairie flatness Harvest Moon The groom, Inhales Helium From a white balloon Haloed sun The slight whispering Of tall corn Heat lightning A tangled string The cat left behind Caskets adrift In the flooded cemetery A crow alights After her death Finding the old scar In my eyebrow A cicadas long cry Pollen drifts through Twilight woods Autumn, mist A complete Fantasy Ring Angerous voices The child purrs To his kitten River fog The slow creaking Of an anchor line Alone at sunrise A small wave covers My shadow Soft morning rain The island deer stretches For a golden plum Lateday silence The backs of cattle Steaming after rain Covered Bridge The sound of the river Between planks Sharp moon The sound of a cow [ chewing] dry leaves Fireplace, Ash A mouse's journey From hereto there Trayer sounds Mare and foal Touch noses A bicycle Left in the meadow Long shadows Twilight blossoms The Robin's song moves From tree to tree Dawn Amid bird calls The sound of a broom Last light A hot air balloon Dips into the canyon Twilight lingers A coyotes shadow slips Across the neighbor's yard Gold leaves Whisper around the maple Thanksgiving alone His silence The sounds of rain Becoming hail Sounds of a downpour I trace the pillow pattern On her cheek Stormy night Hot jelly roll From the Jukebox Morning frost A compost seedling Sparkles Starlit Lake A stray bobber afloat In the galaxy Black squirrel Spinning into an oak Rush hour wind Outside the Guggenheim The shapes Of real trees Frost Moon An old maple changing The face of it Light snow The cookie sheet warps In the oven Foggy morning A buck looking in My basement window Children scatter Across the schoolyard Leafcatching Dutch canal A swan paddles past A no propeller sign My child's kiss A down feather drifts On the book Quiet morning The delicate balance Of snow on boughs Warm night One moth still bumps The extinguished lamp First cold day The slower pace Of big black ants Gaining an hour I water the marigolds One more time Withering leaves The lawyer to write his will Rings the doorbell Mother's bedroom The silver thimble Catching Moonlight Vacations end A dead cockroach In the bathtub Late summer chill The old headstones trailing back In the pines Autumn Wind Men in wrinkled suits Arguate with the cab driver Warmness of the tea room The colored leaves Turn into themselves Other lights Than our own The milky way Summer drought Next to her rose tattoo A pale blue vein Steps fade Her scent lingers Among thorns Vacu Trail Between here and there Spider working a web Distinct thunder The spindly legs Of a crane fly Scarecrow Still measuring The vast summer sky Opening night The dark rose unfurls It's scent Guided hike Beyond the talk Quiet woods Sharing with a grandchild The secrets Of clouds In the corner The usual spiderweb The usual moth Raindrops A stink bug swings On the halfripe, Berry Year's end This unfinished [Poison] The mourning ends Walking out In new sunlight Approaching rain A second wren tips The tall thistle Garden path The child sorts good rocks From bad rocks Line Drive to Center All faces turn toward The sunflower field January 1st Fresh grave being covered By snow Two red cedars Joined in their early years Grown apart with age Walking the old paths I am again A child Red Dust A little boy sprints the bases Between innings Every now and then He swats at a fly Midday heat Frosty morning The carriage horses Turn a tight circle Used clothes Placed out on the stoop A light snowfall First Christmas My daughter plays With a cardboard box Frost Moon Pairing his wool socks? Warm from the dryer Slightly storm The geese overhead Fade into snowflakes Shopping plaza In the handicap parking Puddles of snow Triming the tree His brother's ornament Nearby the angel Winter evening The last crow flies past Then another The hound howls At his echo Mountain Winter Footprints in the snow Eight candles flickering On Grandma's Menorah Cold snap The rattle of a rake Over stones High noon A cat stares down The chipmunk's hole Approaching Storm A nest of yellowjackets In the scarecrow's belly A Hawk's eye Autumn gusts rattle The beech leaves Shifting clouds An alligator swallows The big yellow moon Recess over Leaves swirl around Children in line A crow On the topmost branch Winter solstice Morning meditation The goldfish Winks Catching a cricket? And letting it go Hunter's Moon Yellow leaves A girl plays hopscotch By herself End of autumn Only thistle Left in bloom Sun brightens the room Christmas cards fastened To a Navajo rug Cold day The teacher untangles me From the lotus position Daymoon The branch of a birch Laden with Crows Nearly sunset The spider shadow moves In the curtain Summer dusk The town hall clock [Whispers] A drunk Early dusk Toward the fingernail moon A vee of Geese Night rain A glimpse of deer antlers Between wiper blades Leaving each shadow? As it was Evening breeze Red berries At the tip of each branch The setting sun Subway stairs The old man climbs In autumn Autumn, drizzle A Terra cotta pot In pieces Autumn Wind Goldfinch feathers cling To the gravel Cry of the finch Wrapped in Hawk talons Strictly seeds Hiking trail A Tarantula and I Back up together Woodland stream Among the sword ferns Quivers of light Business trip ending My shadow pulls a briefcase From the car trunk Saguaro, shadow The packrat hiding Something bright River crossing The gap between? Stones Bright summer sun A black dragonfly tests one weed After another How much? Do the neighbors know? My grass grows long Again, I take The wrong way Those violets Cloudless sky A great blue heron wades Through Pond scum Thunder clouds Landing with the first raindrops Darkeyed Junco Spring afternoon The sound of a bee bouncing Off the window Getting to know you A timer goes off In the kitchen [Still Path] Bees swarm between us And the sea Sunlit reeds The slender line Of the bitterns beak Spring rain The measured step Of a Sandhill crane Her laughter A waterdrop slides In the Nasturtium leaf Summer shower My face flows down The windowpane Pear scent From the sake cup Winter Moon Gray morning The icicle grows By another drop Deathbed Out the open window The open sky Just now As my life turns crazy Forsythia Dying embers Nodding off to the sound Of tree frogs Northern lights Filtering through fir trees A distant train whistles Creek grasses Ben Seaward Winter rain New grave A sparrow tugs At a ribbon Passing the church? She gazes upward Spring twilight Early morning A snail In my sandal The slow turn Of a barber's pole Afternoon heat Back at camp The mountain peak Still in my legs Black water A goose paddles Through morning snow Conversation lags Far out on the spindly branch A withered leaf Year's end Her skipping rope Too short New Year's Day An orca leaps Over the gray swell Adding a squawk To the scrabble of mice Rusty hinge Starry night Frost patterns grow From the Windows Edge Winter rain [tufts of moss] On the flagstone steps Winter wind Sandpiper's Chase Their voices Winter sky Three Geese Wheeling Around around Virgin Snow A pine needle enters Point down Frosting the window With our breath [Ticktacktoe] Evening sunrays The tap roots of turnips Left in dry ground Pioneer House The scent of smoke trailing Through the dark rooms October snow clouds The wasp nests outer coverings Flip in the wind Slingshot The pebble misses A star In the tunnel Late autumn fades In the rear view One stroke Splits the log A crow caws Misty foothills A woodpecker scarcely dents The thickspread silence Early bones Between tree roots [Neagles falling] Floodlit sky The wrecking ball swings In and out of darkness Full moon I wonder which state His jet is crossing Evening sun Boys playing cricket On the river bed Nightfall Wingbeats of blackbirds Deep in the thicket Sunrise Meets the shore Wave after wave A breeze Through paper lanterns The dancer lifts her fan Ivy League quad A squirrel gathering nuts Looks me over Old mission Desert wind swinging [Claireless bells] Calm, sea A huge tree trunk Washed up on the shore Our lips touch The surf moves sand Under my feet Summer's end The sound of horseshoes ringing Across the lake Evening light The red dragonfly As still as the riverstone Pale sun Cherry petals drift On the cat's fur Power blackout Frogs, boom In the billabong Bus stop The ladybug on my finger Spreads her wings A clod of earth The worm wiggles Out both sides Damselfly For a moment only The Stayton Creek Willow by the pond One branch stirs It's own reflection Resting blossoms A gardener rakes the sand Across his footprints Warm spring day A nun joins the schoolgirls At skip rope Deep in discussion My father's hands Untangle our fishing lines Heat lightning An armadillo skitters In a ditch Warm kitchen The rise and fall Of friends, laughter First, Valentine In the kindergarten box Smell of fresh paste Back home Trees that I knew In all their seasons Dark river Shadows of Gypsies Around the fire Slipping over morning fields A sunray Catches the hare's urine Raveled, mitten Bird tracks crisscross Patio snow Winter branches A spray of snow From the Magpies tail Dusk The stillness of Swans In a flooded field Spring morning A bird shoots out Of the scarecrows, sleeve On the old Flowering quince A quince Winter sunrise Slowly The cockerel finds his voice Deep summer The sweetsmelling wake Of a hay wagon Winter solstice The flock of starlings Takes a new shape First snowflakes Darkness and my face On the windowpane Light snowfall The tick of an engine Cooling A whinny Stops his shovelling Deep winter Winter rain Preening itself the swan Drifts backwards Morning rush A street sweeper roars Over plum petals A public bench Lit by one street lamp The falling snow The silence After late night snow A pinecone falls Winter blues The gnaw of my boots On old snow Spring snow Under the burnt log A blue lupine First day alone A breeze fills my lap With plum blossoms Crisp morning The yellow cactus Blooms, anyway Late day sun Small pieces of ice floating On the river Ticket reservation clerk A small yellow leaf On his neatly combed hair [Elated shelf] Dusty outlines of books My parents read River of Stars The channel light Flashing green Winter sun A cyclist pedals "Against the wind First snow On the wheat stubble The young fox pounces Maple leaves Packed up at the cabin door Stars in the trees Winter storm A draught rocks the ship In a bottle New moon Lamplight fills the holes In a shotout, stop sign Train whistle In the night, it is music Of far away places A small hoot Moonlight reveals The rest Daybreak Trotting down the sidewalk One gray coyote Foggy morning A Chrysalis clings To the eaves Autumn Creek The Thrush Hops To a smaller rock The storm clears A mockingbird sings In the moonlight Lunar eclipse A white moth struggles In the web "Bloomy words" Last night's tea steeps In the microwave Mountain meadow The fog, the deer In silent retreat Sunrays on the pond Mallards fly single file Toward the horizon Mound of dirt My son asks if ants Bury their dead Sultry afternoon Biting into The bargain cheddar Summer day Shadows of cumulus clouds Rush over the hills A flowerlined path The latchkey kid Let's himself in Tiny bubbles Where the moose was? A cluster of flies Afternoon heat The vireo's endless Question, answer Huge trees in the park A different dog Channing the stick Hot afternoon A finch vanishes Down the chimney Cranberry Bog The lost fawn Visible for miles Warm blueberries A sand path winding In sunset I take the strongest Of my walking sticks First cherry blossoms First kiss The lilac's still heavy With last night's rain Sundance In the tidepool Each grain of sand Incoming tide A crab shell floats under The cormorant shadow Garden path The Apprentice Puzzles over stones Under the fallen log A long slender stem Lavender cyclamen Nodding off A butterfly reflection Glids downstream Red Dawn The discord Of warbling finches Downpour A whelks foot stretches Toward the waves Red wagon The sound of soda bottles Along a pebbled path Headstones Butterfly's move Through the silence Sent back out For something, I forgot Winter stars Winter morning The shower pipes Change pitch Morning stillness First squeak From the squirrel's cage Cloud shadow The volcano Changes shape A wild daisy By grandfather's grave Our son mows around it Spring sky Two magpies fill The pine First light Beacons of water linger On the prayer plant January Rain Catching a glimpse of my son As I pass the school Bluestem grasses Melodyc echoes Of a bugling elk First, spring wash Colours from the sundog Blute through a cloud Nestbuilding A bird carries a clump Of cat hair Winter solstice Outoftown Snow Comes in with the coal train Icy morning A small crackling From the Woodstove Tabletop fountain The doctor's bedside manner In his voice Footlong icicles What to do with the spider? In the fruitbowl New Year's Day My son, let's the tide Seep into his sneakers Window frost The moon Through a thumbprint Her hospital room Snow filling the small field Next to the big one Christmas Eve In the courtyard below A flutter of wings Whitecaps Across the inlet His salty beard New century The neighbors rusty car Still on blocks The rhythmic whirr Of a neighbour's sprinkler Starfilled night Moonrise The German pointer Holds position Grey Dawn The precise strokes Of a crow's wings Winter drive A flight of starlings Pours into the ditch Short day Behind every other sound The patter of rain Sand painting A rain dancer kneels Under the stars Writing table I watch a spoon Gather the dawn Creed Moon The gas pump handle Steers my warmth Winter thunder Startled by a whoosh Of pigeon's wings Long dark road Owl eyes reflect From the Saguaro Rising Moon A slugs path On a zucchini leaf Prairie flowers Gone to seedthe dry flick Of grasshoppers Unseasonable heat A woodpecker In the lightning scar Mountain silence A leaf floats in the gorge Where a boxcar rusts? A locomotive whistle Fills the tea room Evening chill Summer stream A toddler's leaf floats In circles Approaching Storm Minnow's dart In the bait bucket Twilight The meadow Cricketing Falled leaves Solve deeper The hammocks, sag Hermitage A small hole, dug Deep in an acorn Day Moon Dandelion Seeds Drill by Green tea in white cups An oriole holds forth From a high branch My synagogue route From a draped Moslem woman Grandma's scent Sunny afternoon A bee follows wildflowers In my car Enough sandals On the beach Pull of the moon Spring sky The unfocused stare Of a newborn Dead pear tree For ten days each spring It was white with blossom A few snow patches White steer faces peer Above wildflowers A black bear Sunning Daisy Strewn A Cajun song In the evening air Lilacscent [Screen thunder] A snake sloughs its skin In the creekbed Canyon Echo Skycolored asters Among the rocks Hospice terrace The gardener disturbs Winter dust March Moon The melted snow Beginns to freeze Spring wind Even the skunk Smells fine Bluffs in the wind My daughters date Unlocks in the drive Easter, Vigil In our kneeling silence The creak of wood No destination For my evening walk The hazy moon April Fool's Day A skylark's song Way over my head Sunlit jar Beekeeper's gift On the doorstep Lemon blossoms By an open window Sunday, bells Enough park A kite twists In a treetop Spring Moon The baby's heart beats "Against mine" Red Maple "Against the white wall Of the fire station Autumn Stillness She straightens a shelf Of paper cranes Garage sale Unsolved flowers On the kimono Family reunion Rain bubbles burst In a puddle Walking meditation The path Between fallen apples Lending heat The Thirdgrade Classroom One desk short Outside view The azure sky Fits the window frame Autumn Wind My daughter in the back yard Dancers! Twilight in the park Cool seeps out From all the dark places Harvest Moon The scarecrow Wears a tie Evening breeze The spider cuts a petal From its web Between? The chimes of the clock Shooting star Summer's end A broken chair sits At the Waters Edge Red Maple leaves I sip the last Drops of wine Airport wait A onelegged blackbird Adjusts to the wind Autumn Sunset Mississippi backwater Flooded with color Moonlight A spider spins Between the scarecrow's legs End of summer The rust on my scissors Smells of marigolds Autumn sky The perfect blue Of dragonfly eyes Evening train Windfall apples scattered Near the tracks Perseids The space between clouds? For one Finding my way With every turn The full moon Reddening sky The car park empties Gull by gull The shelter of a tree Neither of us knows The other's name After the rain The fields clean shine Watermelons Humid night A small child's crying Wavers to a stop Summer twilight The strolling path dips In coolness Stable summer rain The gull takes a few short steps In the puddle On the beach The tracks of two Lounge chairs Steamed up window With long oblique lines A child draws the rain The indignant cat Has turned its back on me [Ticking clock] Humid night The scarecrow engulfed In grapevines Lake Trout A raven's caw In with the knife Nightfall The shape of his knees In the hanging jeans Hot night Magnolia blossoms In the moonlight No rain Spiders, web the holes In a patio umbrella Hot sun A canoe full of corn grains Losing gold Dusk on the estuary A school of bass break The shallow tide Writing to an old friend A firefly, just outside My window Night music Fightworks mingle With the stars Summer haze The forest canopy Full of holes A thin trail To the spider's nest Wet paint Mammogram Morning snowflakes Stick! Processional Cold wind lifts one corner Of the pall A long breath From the shakuhachi My hands become a bowl [Wrinking snow] The water in its own path Off the path Summer heat The deep red Of his boutonnire Mom's birthday The phone line drops An icicle Funeral bouquet Her monochrome photo Amid pink and purple Small talk with the mailman I sign the receipt For mothers ashes Cottonwood Down Through morning sunlight Our canoe Light breeze An ant moves Among Woodpecker craters Autumn Stillness A magpie shakes seeds From the torch weed Family reunion An assortment of onions In the stew Deep autumn The last Jigsaw piece Snaps into place Winter pasture The gray mare favors One leg Ice floes The wing of a gull Brush's a star Church bells A dragonfly Flying low Getting dark Grandpa searches too long For the North Star The deep curve Of each narrow leaf First snowfall Wildfire, haze! Between the icebergs Blue Wind Evening shadows A mouse, darts From the fireplace Funeral procession The stillness of cotton blossoms In sunlight All that is left Of the mist Memorial stones Winter waves She folds and unfolds Her layoff notice Dewspangled meadow A pickup leaves New ruts Insistent buzz Behind venetian blinds Indian summer Funeral procession The second this week Autumn rain Walking back with my answer Her feet change the leaves Under the maple Autumn Hague A monk in saffron robes Rake's the sand October sun My wife pins hydrangeas To the clothesline Indian summer A maple leaf drawn back In the eddy Path to the bridge The usual leaves And acorns Colors of autumn The Russian alone is enough For a heart lift In the midst Of autumn trees, the one Autumn Tree Afternoon heat The Beggar's book Without a cover Mountain Ginko All the haiku A little breathless Forest fringe One fallen leaf Changes the landscape Harvest Moon The dog brings A dirty sock to bed Cold rain One squirrel backs another To the branch's end Twilight Three magnolia seeds Left in the pod Autumn Wind Mustang's sniff At the dry waterhole Harvest Moon The silver trunks Of dead trees Preparing for war A chimpunk chatters From a lowhanging branch Dexter unit The apple leaf curls in From both sides Snowladen Cherry A broken branch Dropping blossoms Morning song The orange ring Round the blackbird's eye Reclusive neighbor Spellmint from her garden Comes over to mine [Whispering waves] Red feet of a puffin Paddle the air Egret For its landing on the river A giant lily pad Sunrise The goldfinch continues It's song One wing Folded against the other Colors of a dead butterfly Dark clouds A blanket of purple nettle On the Indian mound Morning, Hague She tries Jasmine In her hair Midwinter Doldrums The stone angel With a handful of snow Starlings leave The leafless tree The silence Starless night A slice of stale bread Divided by five Lheure bleu I find my house When the neighbors dog barks Melted snowman One white cloud drifts Across the puddle Ice moon An elk touches its tongue To the salt lick Twilight shadows Pruded from the honey locust Cold wind Winter storm Growing puddles Of candle wax Winter morning The rattle of a shuttle Across the white threads Her gravestone The smooth place No longer there A bull's eye On a cardboard box Autumn Hague Moonstruck The circle of calm After a seal dives First snow A schoolgirl twirls With a friend Winter solstice Moving the scale To a lighter place City Lake On the transparent ice A brick Autumn, dusk The bright end of a log Between pines Starry night One after another Deep autumn crickets Drawn to the train In the toy shop window Snow flurries Winter light Smoke shadows drift Over the water tower New Millennium A bed of volcanic rocks In the aquarium Ocean calm The huge red sun touches It's reflection First autumn rain Under firs, summer lingers In scented dust White Lilies The parish priest Beginns to speak Autumn foliage Some old friends Remarry Pink morning light A dying monarch struggles From cupped hands Autumn vacation Clouds in the blue sky Unmapped and nameless Just a tinge Of red in the leaves Evening crickets No name on her plot I move the flowers about Bare grave to bare grave Morning chill The blind girl tells me the stones Sound sharper than usual White sand raked smooth One persimmon One dent Late from break The dash through bees and clover In heels Sunday morning Ants on the rim of my Coffee cup Heat lightning The heron's toes (Grip) Dead wood Park twilight A light comes on By itself The fog lifts Ripened tomatoes Weight the trellis First brushstrokes Texture the white Gesso Daybreak The wildflowers That shook the day piled In baskets Dubious afternoon Waterdrops slide In waterdrops Evening walk A merrygoround turning In the fog Tangled seaweed Two raccoons, Tussle Over a clam Cold sky A trolley headlight Creaking the hill Cold morning rain A poor man takes a doll From the trash bin Snowmelt In the stumps, hollow A sparrow bathes Concrete carport A swallow fledgling peeks From its mud nest Across the street A gust of wind glistens With Gingko leaves Brought wind A withered hops vine Curled around the trellis Gathering winter violets A helicopter shadow Stops my hands Night rain The small serrated song Of a frog Designing ripples? In the sunlit fountain April Wind Over the top Of my sunglasses Blue sky Christmas Eve The monks frosted window [Kennel's a star] Low clouds Orions feet Disappeared Clouds of a cold front The star i'd been wishing on Winks out Leather gloves In the rafters, a barn owl Closes its eyes White cat Moving her black kitten Moonlit snow Dark woods An owl glides out In Moonlight "Dream Road" Coyote skins draped over A snowy fence Winter rain Tried to the gate A yellow balloon New winter moon Three star, Magnolia, blossoms Lend their light Winter night My cat Kneads me Remembrance Day The thin sound of a bugle Wavers in the rain Leafless trees And beyond them, leafless trees And the highway The Bobcat The doe Only my eyes move On her shoulders The family rests The scarecrows crows Cold and windy Some with some without Acorn caps Winter chill Old goose feathers drift On the village pond December, Deluge Washed downstream Everything but the moon In the dusk That ends a century A roosting bird Frosty morning Our slightly formal Greetings Bird feeder Again, the squirrel comes back To check Biting wind The pink plastic flamingo Turns south Solstice moon The sheen of new ice In the birdbath Millennium, Eve Twisting the bottle To a slow pop The long pause Between her wish and Tossing the coin Night heron Rising from its nest of sticks The wind Autumn rain On a telephone wire Someone's jump rope Pond spillway Slowly through fallen leaves A mottled snake Autumn, dusk A strip of yellow crime scene tape Flutters in the wind Openair concert Flute arpeggios pour down From flickering stars This cool morning Enough dewdrops for tea Issa? In a puddle A leaf with a puddle In the middle Autumn Sunset A wood storks, pink feet Refusing, silt The drunkard Tried to keep to the path Falling leaves Hakeblurred Horizon A painted bunting hovers In the sea oats curve Deepening Deepening into the sea Twilight sky Art studio A red Amaryllis Leans On the windowpane Snake skin Caught on a blade of rock Windless day Sunset heat Distinct loon wings Slap the lake Smooth stones Waves rinsing off the rain Rain rinsing off the waves Someone sobbing The watering can Full of rain Passenger, why hurry? The dogwood blossoms Are in full bloom? Evening star Children's intimate whispers Before they reach home Night of stars All along the precipice [ goat bells] Ring Dawn light The bare shadow of a tree Flickers on the wall Snowed in The sound of my tea bag Stricting January sun The long pause between icicle drips Thin ice Morning sunrays enter The river Wooden roof Stillness seeps in With the cold Winter sunlight The pattern of old wallpaper Showing through Stable snowfall Reading and rereading My daughter's letter Clever morning A patch of bright light Under the Rhododendrons Song sparrow Again and again No answer Waterfall The passage of a floating leaf Slowed by wind Winter sun She wraps up her hair In a colored scarf Harbor stillness A gull feather alights On sunset colors The stutter Of the kettle heating up Snowflecked Camellia New grass Two white horses Touching necks Autumn, Ruth The bull elks bugling echoes And reechoes Day ending Without sunset night coming Without stars Early winter light A flock of starlings rise From the shadows Creed Moon Moths come touching Spikes of the iris Twistdin Barn BlackBerry cane In full bloom Birdfeeder Still full when we return Autumn chill Two ravens Talking on the edge Satellite dish Turn of the century Meditation mat Unrolled as usual Kitchen table Wild flower bouquet Beer bottle vase Birdbath The rising sun Splashed with bluejays Bend in the road The plodding turtle Curbs its neck Along with the tide A ribbon of kelp Fishes itself ashore Bamboo in snow But for a sung painters art I'd have passed it by Passing sailboat? The Jetty Cormorants Outstretched wings Rising sun A gull high in the space Between us Roses, I meant to pick Their golden petals Taken by wind Digging For the shovel Winter Dawn Winter sunshine The yellow kitchen Even more welcoming Frosty night The drip of sap In a bucket Milking hour A whitish mist moves Toward the moon Autumn picnic Down the leafstrewn table Daddy Longlegs Valley Oak All the colors of fall In a single leaf Streel wind Shadows of things Stretch on the street Starry night Fragments of conversation Drift over new snow Hawks Circle The sound of a tedder Turning hay October Wind From inside the peach The smell of rain Morning glory Gentlemen Opens the gate A cloud moves On the moon, crescent The thinness of it Clever wind A Marmot whistles From the moraine Winter morning sun On yellow stucco The church bells of Florence Cracked ice The Eagles tail feathers Spread wide apart Black ice A snow swirl from the lake's edge In slow motion Winter sunset High in the willow An egret Cold, clear night After the candle flickers out Blue Moonlight Taking the stairs Two at a time Snowlight on the ceiling Winter barnyard Cows in the sunlight "Hear in the shade" Winter bee Working a burial wreath The twentythird psalm Quaker meeting Through stovepipeheated air The world shimmers Fireplace shadows The smell of melted snowflakes On loden cloth Constant wind The icicles more curved With each drip A stone well [ thick moss muffles ] The buckets clank Frozen fog A sparrowhawk clings To the Aviary wire Below zero Her casket descends In its hole February sun On the graveyard wall I warm my hands Cold sun The wild currant blossoms Red fragrance Snowmelt on a familiar road Stranger's names return To mailboxes Record cold The salesman's bible Open on the counter For a grave Next to his loved one The extra daffodils A circle of light Cupped around it in the snow Purple Crocus Valentine's Day Dropping coins into the wishing well Our reflections merge Wooted boots Everywhere the gurgle Of freshets Darknesses within The outlines of shadows Midnight deer Morning frost The moon too Is melting? First snow I twist the tea bowl To see its old design Silver vixen Moonlit snowflakes float In her cage Christmas morning The croak of a crow From across the fields Through the empty Wine glass on the sill The moonlit sea Strawman Morning sunlight glitters On his coat of ice First stars A snowflake slides From an eyelash Blizard! Sticking out of a drift? The Snowman's arm January Rain At the edges of my nap The old cat kneading Pond reflection It's only wind That puts on wrinkles Courthouse Pond Goldfish weave through light Among the reeds Her tiny hand "Against the attic roof Heavy rain Unfinished garden Diet growing On a wrought iron fence Eye fixed On the changing sky A dead sparrow First raindrop In the pond, a lily pad Wobbles Rainy morning While getting the paper The smell of a skunk Trinket box The old roller skate key Warms in my hand A rusted truck The wheel well's filling With rhubarb Evening rain I braid my hair In the dark Mountain Forest Only the sound of Snow melting Sea, mist The scent of the night It spent in the pines Spring rain From the woodshed A hens cackle Bus stop Under a mango tree The squeak of fruit bats The stranger's binoculars From hand to hand Chicks in the heron's nest Late night walk Swollen in spring, mist The lights from the bridge First, Camellia Along a stony path In the morning fog Last night's rain Cupped in a banana leaf A small green frog Click of the latch A painted lady flutters Between screen and window Slightly gust The young starling Fans, it's tail Someone whistling In the dark Hazy Moon! Through the rain A riff of Birdsong Camellia's half open First snow Footprints from an office building Veer off toward the park Cold dusk My thoughts pass through A crow flying by Moonlit door The cat's ears point To the dark Church door locked A hollow sound Answers my knock Strangled jellyfish Stomaching sand Winter Moonlight The blue herons Six foot wing span folds A breeze smoothes the willow Writing letters The cry of a night bird Near my house Lost at night On a country road Falling stars Winter sunset In the shrimp boat's wake Pink pelicans Kitchen sink Treasures from the beach In a smelly heap Sun after rain The bare crabapple Luminescent Late summer downpour The garden drain spewing Rose petals Night breeze The lake held still By waterlilies Alpine, meadow I lean on my walking stick To pick blueberries Small town square Old men brush the leaves From a checkerboard Eye of the Storm Deep in the current A gold leaf turns Straw of wind Through a plastic pinwheel The toddler takes a step Skinnydipping The pale backs of city boys In the moonlight Shadows and veins 'String a red leaf One brush stroke The deeply cut leaves Of a Japanese maple Another goodbye Winter Wood In with a hawk Slightly silence A long detour Around Cloud Mountain Mudcaked boots A mind of its own The gate to the school yard In the spring breeze Lazy day Our wrist watches On the ice chest Feadened weeds Wiking them over and under Spokes of the basket Summer sunbeams Through the gym's high fan blades The world of dust Shade tree Spreading my jacket Between bare roots Humid afternoon Flat on our backs in the grass Analyzing clouds Summer photograph After cutting my son out Only sky and sand Buttontobumper Late afternoon sunlight On weed flowers Heat lightning All the way into Mexico The mountains rise Spring Ritual Pulling out roots to make room For roots Wedding vows Butterfly's flicker in the light Of a church window Birdwatcher Is it a male? Or a female Bright spring morning The kitten backs away From the coffee cup Spring sun In the shadow of a bucket A black button Shrove Tuesday I confide my sins To a white butterfly nourished by crude seeds Yet how beautifully? The song sparrow sings Caranda Flowers The twin tracks Of a car The day no post comes A worm writhes On the garden path 'Sale in the woods I turn my head To sneeze Spult milk Spreading along the grout lines Morning chill From fresh mud The white moth rises Early spring A persistant whistle In the grosbeak's song The fading moon Kids find pokemon In the blossompetal patterns The raindrenched wall Sunlit Garden The scent Of my straw hat His grave A butterfly lands On a plastic flower Desert mist One sidewinder takes its place Alongside another Distant traffic, hum The stone Buddhas Mossfilled crevice Spring snowflakes Melching as fast as they fall These daydreams Oarscoop, Whirlpools Spin behind the boat Calm, spring day First communion Blooding hearts sway Besides the path Midday Deep in the agave Light and shadow The thirdnote rise Of a towhees song Purpure breeze Dwindling light In a small child's hand The first fallen leaf Grey morning The slow beat of a heron "Against the wind Boase truck A cowbell swinging From the Guard Rail Bright sun The redness of the fox "Against the snow First day of spring At the Snowbank's Edge A muddy puddle Shadows fade In a glowing fog bank Winter Geese First Snowflake Shivering of the universe On an eyelash Beyond the gate The stretch of sky goes Uninterrupted Spring, equinox Moonshadow deepens The creek Morning stillness Sundance dapples The ropes of the swing Rain and more rain Ripping off the month Two days early In the corner Just the warm sun And the rocker Glass of lemonade Wind leafs through the book Left on the railing Sunset Waves break In darkness The dull clack Of a channel marker Button, dune grass [ clock face] The precise shadow Of a small spider Reading the paper? The dog sniffs My shoes Blank drawing pad A violet damselfly Resting at the edge Moon gazing The crossing light changes Back to Red Ocean fog Hunched on the white road sign A small white heron Days lengthen The Amyllis topples Under its own weight Rickety Fence A spring calf stretches toward Younger grass Before the curtain The drama of schoolgirls In the audience Summer clouds A child scatters popcorn On the fish pond A spring wind Coins in the cup Of a sleeping beggar Churchyard, clover Around our shadows Brighter green Fireworks The whiteness Of her throat Tornado watch Three Violets poking From a fire ants nest Heavy rain Biking one into another Purple Hollyhocks Croft A butterfly flits Through a wicket Prairie darkness Our motorcycle following The North Star "Bloomy cold" The distant train pulls Some of my night with it Sunny spring day Cat meowing to no one In particular Freshly turned earth In the palm of my hand Radish seeds Dandelions A lone runner Circulating the field Whiter still On the moonlit windowsill Easter, Lily Slanting Rays In the Paloverde blossoms Warm breeze Stone wall Between two rocks A bleeding heart Cooking together? The rosemary and garlic From our garden Spring evening A heron moves slowly north Piercing the pond Morning sun Gone from a cabinet The old bowls Twilight The scent of orange blossoms Lenders Too bright To contain itself Ring around the moon Cold wind The crow leans To caw A late snow Someone (sighs) Just now it comes In the tightfurled poppy buds A looser look Spring, Hague A sparrow finishes The RedPolls song Dry trees The wind sharpens It's sound "Bloomy cold" The Juniper Berry parts The Jays beak And after such a year The first crocus In its usual place Reminded In the muddy puddle Plum blossoms Ribboning through The bed of pansies Pale green, gartersnake With added wrinkles The paper, Samurai Acknowles its pose Village Common The newly painted clock tower Missing its hands Gentle wind A silkworm spinning On its thread Old Pond Reluctant I dip my net Low sun The glass blower twirls A tearshaped vase Cicada at noon On the mountain trail Summer's end Long afternoon A fly rides The pendulum Bench in the woods [Elevated] Except for my thoughts Evening approaches The wildflowers she picked Somewhere in her book Down in the sunken garden The last lantern Flickering Dark June night Bulls bellowing Echoes across the hollow Ocean Horizon Touching the curvature Of a white shell Summer day Walking barefoot beside Grandmother's footprints A flatbed Transporting scrap metal Summer heat Sundance on the wall Brushing against the yellow My deep blue shadow Parking lot at dawn Gulls roosting among Upturned shopping carts Morning sun The peach's blush Deepens near the pit noon sun Pickle cheese Sweating! A roadrunner stops It's tail still fanning Midday heat "Rasps of light" Across an oak plank floor The wheelchairs wobble Standing waves The tide's quiet way Up river Cloudy day The fallen purple petals Of the azalea Spring night One leg over The blanket A snagged lure Dangles from the deadfall Sunshine on the hooks Wind bursts the peonies Only a few strewn petals Land in pairs Ebb tide The shell I keep reaching for Carried further away Sunday, bells The first ripe, Mulberry Sweetens the shade Summer solstice Spiting cherry pits In the river His ninetyseventh The white peony nods In table sunshine Saturday A single sailboat In the shipping lane Waterfall, mist Sunrays spread out In the woods All the way home The wind at my back New Year's Day Propped on the porch A brand new pair of crutches Stable spring rain "Still of wind" The candy wrapper tacks across A puddle Exemplary skull Boos For the rabbit's ears An old woman's garden Jasmine spills over The stone fountain Daffodil The splatter of sleet In its cup Spring sun Raindrops On the red camellia Wind in the tree Tree in the wind Blue sky Too young To own a cottontail Our silence Twilight The parked tractor Still warm The shallows Pond grass connected To the moon Setting star The mountain rises Black with night Mist across the lake A loons, Tremolo Slips through Winter fog The Horn of a Freighter Heading out to sea? [ thick haze] From a burning hillside Moonrise Balmy night Pushing the crocheted throw Back to her side Morning fog Down by the Bayou a heron Spears a fish 'Sale again Counting an odd number In the skein of Geese Snowcovered mountains I return my wristwatch To the travel bag Summer Moon The sound of eggs Coming to a boil Moist larvae Slightly fits of motion In the rain barrel Outside the door I leave them there The dog, the fleas Country Road By the sharp left turn A white cross Trayer overturned Gathering crowd Arms folded Grinding sumi ink Rain spatters, dust On the skylight Rainstorm In the car, the rescued dog [shakes] Twilight The only car ahead Turns off Border town Its shadows creep beneath The barbed wire fence The auctioneer Pauses for breath Ponys loud, snort A curtain billows Before the rain Smell of roses Rumble of thunder The colt dances stifflegged Across the pasture Sunrise Among the silent Earth movers A fawn Gas station One wornout hiking boot Besides the trash can Summer heat An old man's flirtation Turns to a yawn Sea oats A beachball blows Between dunes Moonlit beach A sandcrab emerges from Under the castle moat In Sycamore Shade The buzzing summer A moment still Summer evening The girl who forgot my name Is laughing again? Enough beach house A seashell left On the windowsill Her answer tatters away With the wind A seagull's cry Every night This stretch of road Honeysuckle A common wire fence Then a western tanager Sits there a moment Up to their necks In lawn daisies The robin, the worm Discussion with friends Motionless fish In the aquarium Reaching a wide stream The trail continues On the other side Pine tops "Against deep twilight A Bobwhites call Flowering crabapple In and out of morning sun The Lark's song May sun The door opens Before I knock Breezy afternoon Dandelion Ghosts Float past the daisies Stable current The great carp opens And closes its mouth Smell of pines A wind from the hill Leads me home Heads down The sunflower The finch New dock The snowy egrets stride Unified The gold light Of an autumn day The autumn sea Pale sun The frozen river holds Deep shadows Casino Its light fades away In the dawn Late August The way the Spiders Web Bows with each gust Darkened Garden On this night of No Moon The white eggplant Sturbbled Rice, Paddy The white heron's harsh cry Has no echo Winter Desert Our breath Speaks for us A patch of coltsfoot Amid roadside debris The overcast brightens Country kitchen Stray strands of cornsilk Glisten in the sun One rock for my garden A thousand ants Rescueing eggs AWESOME of coal cars Honeysuckle climbing The train yard fence Electrical storm My daughter practices The letter's Siren's nearing A sudden breeze sways The basket of cactus Sultry day Boys on their wheels Making the wind blow? Stones stacked Inside the wheelbarrow A firefly's glow Midday heat Taking it in The White Gardenia Between the rafters A dollsized trunk of clothes The heat Bouquet of roses She slips into Something else Summer stars missing The dark shape Of the dark lighthouse Morning dew A circle of fallen petals Under the peony Summer morning The kitten ignores itself In the fulllength mirror River rocks Turtles, sunning In tiers Alpine, meadow Knieling to photograph White heather Dispatched bones The dog puts on the scent Of the dead Twilight Words in the margins Of sketchbook trees One straw Longer than the others Spunny bale Adrift Casting a bright line In shadow Traffic wind In the blackeyed susans A dead bear Humid night The depth of purple In the shadows Summer Moon Dangling on her sleeve A silver button Swing gate Rain fills Your footprints Cats sunning I speak their names Their tails twitch Transient asleep At the Fountain's Edge Coinlight on his cheek A long line At the drinking fountain Ants Clouds billow The island bridge swings open For one ship Sultry day A lizard rides my finger To the aloe leaf Oprahilous heat A bird emerges From a puffy cloud Linging day A garbage can lid Becoming first base Summer breeze The crisscross of gull tracks In damp sand Record heat The jade plant slumps over A few yards from the hose Sucre Sunset The dragonfly rises From a lily pad Hot night The moth fans a breeze Through the screen Slightly gust The book opens to a poem I like even better Approaching Storm The young blackbird struggles With a worm Summer rain Cat draped Over the footstool Summer, lethargy Between faucet drips The ticking of the kitchen clock Sound of a bomber Wind is striking The pulleddown blind Summer begins The underground sprinkler head Rees a rock Downpour All the puddles Wash away Leisurely gossip Our neighbors dog Snaps at flies This heat Only the shadows Move! A broader path I rake away my footprints With the yellow leaves Staple glass The fleeting shadow Of a bird Wild Iris The water leaks From a cracked vase Morning stillness A dandelion seed [Hovers] Old Broom Half swept away With the dirt A gust of wind Finally, knocks the scarecrow out Cold Spring rain A puddle at the end Of the hopscotch ladder This bright day The empty house Of my mother Fluttering breeze The moth sticks its legs Through a screen Dew, drop On a dusty grass blade The ant backs up Dexterous foliage The full strawberry moon Makes a path At the edge Just as I let my hair down The blue heron flies Changing frost patterns On the windowpane Winter sun Leaving She uncoils the morning glory From the garden gate Distinct lightning Followed by the sound Of a cricket October Moon A waterstrider, dimples The gilded stream Boarded window Of the tarot reader Autumn evening Coughing and spitting In the morning, glories Then off to work again November Wind One leaf pauses At each sidewalk crack Morning stroll Unshared thoughts float off With the withered leaves Summer's end Running out the ivy With both hands Tumbleweeds Stopped by a fence The milky way Ocean swell Crossing the moonlight? The bow lifts Busy freeway Squanded on the shoulder An orange hard hat First stars The swoop and soar Of swallows Carillon Bells The stone Buddha's eyes Remain closed Geese in formation Rushhour traffic Merging New chanterelles Along the fallen spruce Wren Song Pancake Moon A silos silver cap [looms] Out of the fog Armistice Day An old soldier dozing On the stage Autumn The church steeple reappears In the blue sky Summer clouds The faraway look In a stranger's eyes Dusty Trail The same thoughts As yesterday Summer's end As the stream turns Colored leaves follow End of summer Outside the bookstore Paperbacks curl Gladiola, frond Silence of a cricket On the other side Wilderness Trail The manicured poodle Still on a leash Base of the falls A rainbow Breaks into foam The river The town also spilling out Of the mountains Early autumn The little girl next door Turns forty today Full moon Half dark, half light The sea Washed windows A place to splatter The spring rain The child's face Speckled eggs In the abandoned nest Thunder Clap! The twins Jump! Early morning The slanted shadow Of the pink house Tornado Warning The sprinklers Tinyhiss Winding garden path A little girl splashes through Multicolored puddles Red plums Her steady hand slips Between the bees Dawntinged window A cicadas w e l l's In its song Summer heat The Golden Retriever's breath On my leg Sheen of web Across a shattered pot The barns splintered light The young cat Follows each sound Knitting needles New Year Caled above the rice paper The inkblackened brush Throwing off the comforter? Storm windows, rattling In the nursery The day's first bull Trots into the ring Snow on the mountains First raindrops The neighborhood dog and chainsaw Stop! Rusty stovepipe Leaping blue woodsmoke Winter sky Night wind One star in the bare crabapple Comes and goes Houseflies On the windowsill Dead of winter Headwind The heron sideslips In the reeds All around The parking meter Spring rain Storm clouds, brew A crone on the mountain road Draws tight her black cloak Ready to carve? A smile on it This orange moon Harvest Moon Migrant kids eat the bread Wretched to the crows November, Wanes The farmer's pet gander Honks at the moon Snow Moon A white mantle On the scarecrow's coat A steady drizzle The pitchfork in the bale Slowly, darkens Mischief night The orb weaver waits At the edge of its web Smokescented air A squirrel burrows In the woodpile Turning his wheelchair To face the window Falling leaves Fireplace heat In my socks Winter morning Dragonfly The Tai Chi Master Shifts his stance Open windows The sound of a distant train On a sleepless night Inlaw's visit A red dragonfly lands In the white lily Moon on the lake Someone has stolen All my clothes Tossing and turning All through the night [Mockingbird Song] Morning fog The scent Of Euucalyptus Thinking about you? The remarkable redness Of this tomato A maple seed Floats in the millpond Deep blue sky The cat Reworks his litter Summer dusk All Saints Day The rooster crows Again and again Garden path In the space between thoughts The first drop of rain Fleeting sunlight On the doorknob, warmth From a stranger's hand Full moon She nurses her infant In the garden Evening shadows Picking blackberries? Through barbed wire A desert wind Singing at the trailhead? Purpure sage Cricket, chorus In the deep gravel ravine Jewel weed Early morning The rain falls lightly On waterjar lids Indian summer My bookmark A yellow leaf Prison sunset In coiled razor wire A sparrow's nest Mountain Path Growing out of a stone wall One white flower Wilted Garden A beetle drops In a fissure The end of summer A seagull and I Share the sandbar Smooth stones The coolness of water Held in their shapes Graveyard Pictures of ancestors Washed by rain Hawthorn? A neighbor names The tree by my door Music class The fan blows his notes In all directions Warm sunlight In deep green leaves The Arrow's Path City Park Children gathering coins In the dried lake Retirement home Unfinished Jigsaw Puzzle On the corner table August Moon No one speaks Of the humidity A briefcase Flung open on the table "Davidual orchids" At the zoo A whistle moves The Wolf's ears With the mower off I expected to hear More Dawn Shades of grey break In Birdsong Spring sunrise The empty green bottle Fills with light Call from an old friend First Hummingbird At the Fuchsia Easter morning She unwinds her rosary From the Buddha's shoulders Grave diggers Deeper into the hole June, sun Ice Storm ended A cardinal singing In the bent birch Puddled field The cat finds sunlight On a fence post Cancer again The slope Of his shoulders Waiting! Dandelion fluff Solves on the table June breeze A hole in the cloud Mends itself Back and forth Leaf shadow weaves Over the loom Grandmother Giving chase again The fat turkey Deep winter A man outside the market Feeds crows from his hand Ax and pine With every chop A higher sound Autumn gusts The ragged flight path Of a grey heron Bubblegum on my shoe The little girl in the red coat Skips to school Lightning Storm Bridge card's facedown On the table Northern lights These problems Suddenly small Winter rain "Against the window The cactus has flowered Uphill Trail The scarred trunk Of a giant sequoia [Elastic corner] Slowly, the moon leaves The dust Autumn afternoon The tombstone Stapled to a dolly Yellow raincoats Farm workers picking The last of the peppers Cherry tomato The scent from its leaves lingers On my fingertips Thistledown My thoughts carry me Back to sea noon "Stolewells sway" With goldfinches Lunch break A blue dragonfly lights On the sawhorse Sultry evening A peacock's plaintive cry Across the flooded field Yellow Jasmine Arriving chickadees Shake out perfume Overcast morning The last of the tomatoes Line the windowsill (Slight breeze) All the colors telegraphed Along a spider's line Closing time Zoo animals smaller Than their shadows Dressed for church The perfume Of the garden In the parking lot A rose petal has arrived From nowhere special "Mirrory warm" This one perfectly ripe Wild, BlackBerry Twilight beach A wave takes half The lover's heart Summer night After the fireworks The smoke Long sermon In the roof beams Cobwebs flutter Between thumb and forefinger A raspberry Full of morning sun The salad bars Long metal tongs Dining hall, coolness Fourth of July In the fireworks glow A Sumie Mountain First thunderclap Our neighbor stops [hammering] "Eternal space" Lungs of the bare oak reach The farthest stars Blue morning light At the writing desk The rain falls harder Where nobody cares Growing with green vigor The sumac One limb at a time The Falcon calls her fledglings Nearer to flight Knocked off by rain Camellia's bloom again In the puddles Horse trough A cowboy chips away The winter The bell rings Again, the playground fills With pigeons Cliff Trail A Raven's broad shadow sweeps The Greening Valley Wobbly legs The stray kitten plops In a purr Bumbled by a bee Rugosa rose petals fall Through the breathless air September morning Again, my breath rises To an open sky Approaching Gale? The beach grass sweeps circles Deeper in the dune After the hurricane Most of the moon Gone! Night of stars The rhythm of my boat Across the swells Yellow Moon The smell of woodsmoke On the wind That glittering point In the distant Evergreen A dewdrop Hurricane Path A layer of green covers Early autumn leaves Such sharp edges The few red leaves on a branch Of Euucalyptus River The moon slowly ripples Abroad Collected fog The raveled fringe Of her scarf The frayed rope Swings back into the shade Country swimming hole Cuddled In the revolving door Autumn leaves Pineneedled path Slowly, I step Out of my mind Evening Our paddles drip In liquid sunset The Garden by Moonlight Only Jasmine And white roses Kudzu creeps Through the shack's roof Stable rain Early cranberries The worker's hats Bob up and down Stopped! On the iron fence Dove feather Patterns on the lake The moment before They become trees Enough well The bucket filled With rainwater Slave cabin Hidden by acres and acres Of sugarcane Slightly gust The sunflowers Turn their backs It lifts its head The woolly bear caterpillar In autumn wind November night With the sound of pelting rain The barking dog No sign Where two roads meet? Iris Blooms Offshore birds A flock swerves and vanishes In the glitter of waves Beach of shells A fisherman casts In the sunset Dark waters, Crest Tied to an old oak A wooden casket That four o'clock bird Strangers We share the dawn [Telerleaf exit] A swell of swallows In twilight The kite soars To the end of the string Indigo sky Sunset The butterfly and I Just in time Indian summer The groundfall, Pear Warm in my hand All Saints Day Surviving Pumpkins Covered in frost Ink long faded From the wooden grave marker Fog rolling in Drifting Gingko leaves All of my yellow pencils Wrived down to nubs On withered boughs [Slightly] Simmers of light The pale ringed moon The sound of rakes In a neighbor's yard Fingernail Moon Autumn breeze Evergreen's lowest branches Brush fallen needles A bell moves In the fog The tops of cows Whisper of ink In the brush water Early dusk Autumn chill The garden hose ends In a puddle of ice Cloudless day The hollow sound of the Woodpecker's knocking Autumn, sunlight Beacons of holy water arc Toward the casket Sunset Gonesome clouds Fade on the river Night fills in slowly Between the dark branches Autumn, Equinox Desert night Beyond the silence Heat lightning New milkweed pods One tie goes up and down Under the freight train A great blue heron Wading through autumn colors One step at a time Stillness In the lava bed A Hawk's shadow Don't move The harvest moon is balanced On the pine Gray Day Smoke from a mill meanders Over the river Cormorants near Dusk Perched over the tidewater All hunched, all black The flute's first notes Three lavender petals fall From the arrangement Last sunbeam On the mossy boulder Cricket's chirping A leaf falls From the greenhouse, ficus Clap of thunder Early morning fog Waving goodbye To a school bus Cold drizzle Black Bird's pace The asphalt roof Taste of sunshine On a yellow pear One raindrop How still I am? Waiting for the storm? How still the bamboo? Humid summer night The small town casts a glow On slowmoving clouds Coffee brewing The Swiss Swiss swish of tires Through autumn drizzle Rainy day A trail of bright leaves Through the school foyer Not a laughing mouth A bent bow or an eyelash The slender new moon Asses to ashes Clinging to the fingers Yellowish clay Baby's giggle The way a laugh changes Two faces Soft breeze The rhythm of wind chimes And northern lights "Chatribe" The lingering scent Of Jimson Wheed Shady sidewalk An acorn lands In a Hopscotch Square A moment Near the woodcarvers hands Hummingbird Moonlit Camellias Caf conversations spilling In the street Stillness Of the lava bed A Hawk's shadow Stormwater "Stolewells" In a blue vase October stroll The shadow of moms cane bends Over cobblestones Carefully unwrapped The favorite ornament Ling in pieces A moth Has extinguished the icon lamp Shining stars Breath rising The church steeple bathed In Moonlight Chained dog It's white breaths lengthening In the wind White winter light Deep among pines The mule deer doze Snow flurries Candlelight moving From window to window Christmas Eve Listening to the snow Fall! Outstretched necks A pair of Tundra Swans Running on the lake Above the harbor Clear blue sky Arctic wind Quiet, so deep You can hear the swan Crook its neck A quiet street Bright yellow leaves settle on An empty bench Dusk The tamaracks, yellow needles Slightly in the grass Revolving door A gust of holiday laughter Warms the sidewalk Thanksgiving pie The first long curl falls From Grandma's apple peeler Our teen out late Through his window Orion Wind, funnel Whirling leaves across the drive My neighbor waves her rake Recycling box Back inside With leaves Small town market The clerk chooses coins From an older man's palm Sunless sky Quietly, the river enters The Wild Woods December 19 Rows and rows of mailboxes With their red flags up Bark Becomingwhimper? Becomingnight Frost warning A sleeping mallard Opens one eye Biting wind A gap in The picket line Forest by the lake Fish, hide! Behind the trees Mark loves Mary forever Erased by high tide Forever Above the clouds Traveling backwards Through time Rush hour I enter In third person Company picnic A young boy stays near His father's legs Open drawbridge A brown pelican Goes through first Butterfly I remember Nothing Storm Cliffs The remains of a fish In a stone Speckled egg The sunlight On my thoughts Sugar Moon Rising Ourfirstgrandchildexpecting A child of her own Ink stains On the calligrapher's socks Cherry blossoms Rain running Off our waterproofs The cormorant pair Onelane Bridge We give way To the scent of thyme Unknown birdsong I wander deeper In the forest Bromeliads An extinct woodpecker appears on film Scaling fish Dad calls mom His mermaid Taki bar A part of me feels Right at home The sun high Over the chaparral Soaring redtails Through the camera's eye Gleaming The elephant's eye In my palms The Bullfrog's heartbeat Deepen's summer Summer rain A dog and cat Share the doghouse Evening hail The tap taps of brake lights Past the exit Bottom rung Devil's paintbrush Rubs at my heels Enough nest A bowerbird dancing with A blue stick Pink blossoms Open ears collecting The sound of bees Supple irises A butterfly returns To the same stone Fern Glen We find the creek By its song In a manger Of fiddleheads A fawn Earth's rotation A dandelion casts A shadow Crime scene A butterfly pauses With me Star Jasmine There's no right way To die Sign of summer A street child frees An old newspaper kite Winter pine Eight needles Fill the moon! An eagle It's shadow Sculpted in the sea Within the mud And muck of winter Eagle song Morning icicles The time it takes For the dog to pee Tomba juice Probation of tin Cabin fever Open grave Sometimes silence Says it all A week after the funeral The hotel's request For feedback Walden Pond Where the cabin once stood Deer tick warning Outside Using our inside voices Monarch Sanctuary Dappled Moonlight Fawns all but disappear Undercover the cedar Winter night Too cold to hold The Star Chart icicles A thread of light From the street lamp A sheet of ice Clingstoa,blackalderslimb The unpaired mallards Snow melt Small carcasses Freezed in place Plum blossoms Making the most Of a new religion Drizzling rain My reflection In the hearse Daybreak Afarmertapsthegooseshead On the way to the barn With a pink crayon She points the way Cherry petals Below the rapids The river Disentangles November morning The barn's shadow meets Thefrostlineinthemeadow Peeling clapboards A snow flake settles On the pink flamingo Rising breath Gran reaches for branches With snowladen cones Ice Storm Bishop takes knight By candlelight Solstice The darkness Of the wind Cold dawn The old Ford turns over Once Christmas Eve Brand new seed In the feeder Snowed in After the pia, colada Dreaming in color An owls Daytime hoots Lunar eclipse Winter stars Prayer candles burn In an empty church Supermoon My son changes into Pajamas with a cape Ancient temple The guide's voice lost Amid selfie clicks Demolished houses A crickets song Somewhere Moon in the pines I lather what's left Of the soap Swing Bridge Raindrops hang On the tips of ferns Evening fog Antler's ghosting through The coulee Sunset Debating Rothkos? Use of red Taking down The Lost Cat Flyers First, frost Wild Horse Muster Steaming flanks In a biting frost Night wind A freight trains horn Blows through my dream Summer Storm A clothespin bag, Bobs On the line Low tide seaweed Wideon and Barrowhead Dine separately Hospice She asks me to bring back A shell from the sea The scent of fruit Past ripening Dusk light Perseid shower The scent of Tamarack On the campfire Dying Moon! The arc of a bush moth In the light August heat Cracked dirt in the shape Of a puddle Blissed thumb The corn, a little sweeter This year Venus rising I linger a little longer In the hot tub Solstice rain The day begins and ends With Juncos Wrangling the garden At what age did I learn? Towalkbetweentherows The search For pop bottles A long afternoon Solitude The night deepens With every firefly Summer Storm Circus elephants, lean In the thunder Low tide Barnacles armored "Against the air Sunrise A generation of fruit Flies Purple lillypillys The garden hose drips In twilight Her fairy tale In first person Spring rain Turbulous stream The water moves The ripples stay Egg moon The emus contours Engraved in stone With each hop Of the waterline crow A lifting of teal Cut flowers A child asks If they bleed Spring Butterfly The little boy's shadow First to reach it A paper cross For the dead butterfly Takes flight Rated jonquils The old cemetery With her baby's grave Redwing's return The smell of grass In the rain Mother's Day One of the orchids Reblooming Another winter The welcome mat Wretched thin Winter Zoo A gorilla turns It's back to the crowd Whispering wind The salty tongue Of my snow boot Winter's last rain The scent of skunk In my eyes The sound Of meltwater Wood frogs Open cage Thebreastfeatherleftbehind Flutters Spring, equinox Scraping off the shovel With the hoe Frosted furrows An old mares whinny Silvers the air Malformed bunting It's shadow Still black Clouds fringed with rain The pony's pregnant belly Brush's sweet clover Winter solstice One egg short Of a pudding A quart of oil For the journey Christmas Eve North Woods A fir deep in each [Standard] Winter concert The way the Mallets strike The Xylophone Orange Marmalade The last time, Mother Know my name midnight Nobody's name To whisper My grandpas house So many love stories Walled in here Quiet night The cookie jar's marble lid Opening Venus overhead Wolf tracks crisscross In the snow The thumbprint Of tollund, man Deep winter Fog in the Redwoods The jazz station cuts out Near the summit Under the red leaves The rungs of the fish ladder Silvered by Salmon Tattered basketball net Clinging to a rusted rim My childhood home Single mother Rocking her baby Rocking herself Cathedral at night An electron circles The nucleus Gibbou's moon My ear on the curve Of her belly Button Jar All he knows Of Grandma Learning to weave One breath between us The long night Harvest Moon Rising The smell Of his new jaguar After rain The yellow of gorse The black of slate Small town The only light Is red? Returning home After living abroad The smell of thyme Old barn The scent of jerseys And bailer, twine First chill I wonder about Yesterday's bee Traded For Persimmons Acupuncture A harrier low Over the silverblues Of the evening, marshes Harbour Quay The sound of a tugboat? Wrapped in fog As if this sky We'ren't sky enough Indigo bunting The sky On a morning lake That perfect lotus Moorland Path The sun mining Foxglove scent Today's forecast Cloudy with a chance Of Jalapenos Sundown Stomaching the oyster Juice and all A wing In each world Thestingraybreaksthesurface Chigger bites My finger traces The Wilderness Map At the cemetery By moonlighttalking With shadows Walking at night My imagination Follows me home Watertower shadow Expoking A small town's loneliness It begins A galaxy of dust motes In the projector's beam The dinosaur museum I have to be there For the grandchildren "Torrents" Urchinscheertheirpaperboats In the gutter Early Our wedding rings One inside the other Home alone I enter the crawl space Of a younger self Clear sky A Bouncy castle Inflating Barefoot The bride wrings seawater Out of her train Boatside ripples In the summer sunset Minnow's rising Outgoing tide The little portion A shell retains The pot drips What's in it? Christmas morning Hospital room The potted plant Drops its leaves Snuffed out candles The lingering scent Of her life A barn owl banks Over golden meadow grass The morning star Falling snow The dark curve Of a red fox's tail Cold sun The rollershutter dawn Of factory workers Heart of winter A sunbeam on the mat Below the letterbox Garden Buddha The subtle blue sound Of snowflakes Her origami bird I learn By unfolding Foot of the mountain Holding the stone Holding its story A glimmer On the sharpened ulu Hunter's Moon Crow's cawing We add a little bourbon To the pecan pie Thanksgiving More stuffing pokes out Of the sofa One more, Doctor Enters the room Autumn snow Crab spider A frost moon dangles Out of reach December dawn The white birch is the first To catch its light Longest winter night The owl didn't return To the nest Girdled maple Autumn already In its leaves Mountain fog A gathering fugue Of wind and pine No need To leave the comfort zone Harvest Moon Leaves rustling There goes that Crick in my knee Early autumn Tasseled grasses Dust the air Forcated retirement The creases in his pants Fade away Late September A sudden rain Rushes the dusk A modest headstone Theteacherwhomarked'me Present One by one The fog releases Streetlights Autumn, dusk Purple daisies Wrapping up? God of Abraham Walking rain In the sunflowers Stillness The sound of dusk Washing ashore? driftwood The knothole catches A drop of rain loggerheads Lace trails tatted In the sand Overgrown pasture We follow a deer trail To the apple tree Bare soles On cold blacktop [Jackal Moon] Glow of light From the hilltop hut Shooting star Fairground music A yellowlegged gull Rides the wind Ferry gift shop All the tourist mugs Gently clinking Short summer A swim suit Freezed to the porch rail Dozy afternoon The banglesellers call The length of an alley First of summer The seductive label Of a new wine Little black dress I squeeze her lipstick In my cummerbund Happy hour outdoors The complimentary Sunset Waterfront caf Incomingtidethroughplanks Under our feet Gathering the night Around itself Whippoorwill Stargazing My fingers Haking sand Buzzing, neon The way he talks About New York? Withered fields The pulsing of A lone glow worm Above the clamor Of starlings Star stream Old Pond ice Stirred by spring wind Osprey feathers Morning drizzle Thecrescentofdrypavement Under the pinecone Waxing moon! First star flowers Unfurl Walpurgisnacht A nuthatch enters The Scots Pine New neighbors Dandelion Seeds Flying over my fence May Birdsong Hidden among Last year's cattails Simmering heat The satin bowerbird Tends his blue dcor Overnight showers A stray dog sipping The sunshine The long throat Of a pitcher plant Song of a Lost Bee First snow A stranger at My parent's grave Wrapped in headlines Once a year, our angel Comes out of hiding Holiday cleanup Putting the last spoon? To rest Just for a moment Sun On the cut flowers Here for me On a winter night The kitchen chair A bat Slips into a crack Orion rising Blizard! The last toothpick tops The Tower Fox tracks Who was I before? I was tamed Contrails Above Brown Hills Places I've never been In the deep hollows Yellow leaves Lonely Tarpcovered yacht The longer shadows Of a fake owl The sea With the final say Widows walk In the curves Of an alto sax Amazing grace Leaf raking The Swishswish Of Corduroy Mars landing The crunch of dry leaves To her doorstep Only one small Darth Vader I start on the milky ways The depth of the lake Still in question Autumn chill First autumn evening At my daughter's grave Our shadows Closing my eyes To find it Cricket's song Sphagnum, Moss The secret to Where fog lives? Lunar eclipse A silverfish Inside the Ephemeris Behindme Theyears Dying sunflowers A cool mist rises Fromtheoldhorsesback The last tourist leaves Tree stump An ant scurries across Three wars Ships log The marginalia Tinged with salt Blood moon! Once again, I check My baby's pulse Clanging cymbals The Rooster joins The worship A frayed rope Hanging from a tree limb Midday heat Fire watch The first pulses Of the pager At dusk A sailboat practices Coming about? Contract negotiations The summer we spent [[interies Fossile shells Inside a crumbling rock Long summer rain Evening breeze Ruffling thoughts of her Reechoes of the Erhu Still, Hummingbird As if summer Is forever Evening swallows The last green of summer Rolled up in bales Sundance on water Vowels In the syllables of birds Smell of wind A lizard steps out Of its old skin Fish market The smell of old sails On his coat Leaveing'theirechoesringing' Woodpecker's debugging Boards in the barn The splash Our anchor Splitting stars Sea Cave The thoughts I keep Incoming back Incoming tide The lullabies, my mother Learned from her mother From the ocean Tohermoat A bucket mostly spilled Those evenings Whenripenessisjustreaching The pits of plums Young Osprey How to land softly? With a trout Clear stream The one steppingstone Under water No details About the procedure Quiet rain In whichever? Direction the call To prayer Lake Mist The smudged reflections Of pines Spring, Hague A forsythias Clarity Rainy road trip The Widows metronome State to state Manzanar A butterfly's wing Under the millstone Blue Hour A door opens To my past Goldfinch Shaking off? The night Spring morning I wake The butterfly Smell of apples Feel of the paring blade Between my fingers Morning sun Stroking its warmth Through the old dog's fur Election fever My preschooler inks his Index finger Indian summer The bright green Of wet paint Crow, feather Before, dusk The feel of dusk The hourglass Runs faster now An eyelash moon A mist Slippingthrough'themorningwoods' Coyote Morning sky Stars become Starlings Now retired His pride measured In asparagus Sweltering heat Plop after plop of tomatoes Tried into buckets Rustling leaves Fear as old as The forest itself Numberless stars Alongsticktokeep Thecampfiregoing Just before dawn Pleiades opens the sky The Warbler's melody Evening calm A trout glides through a bay Of spent caddis nymphs Schools back Yabbies escape The purging bucket Popcorn clouds A little girl sings Her abcs Wild horses Shadows of wind In the floating dust Evening walk Even the clouds Are dog shaped? Dry spell Stars sink deeper In the well Trailer park Never enough shade For the chained dogs Sandstorm A gecko [licks its eye] Distinct thunder Names of our ancestors Sink back into stone Ghost town I walk through All the open doors Painted Cliffs Echo the old ways Coiled snake [shots of tequila] Bat voices Mapping the night Light rain The smell of air When the lightning strikes Stormwater Gods throw out! Their old furniture Field of poppies A few Tall ones The beginning Of my imagination Summer solstice Last day of school A wisteria pod Burst's open I tell him first About seeing the eagle? Father's Day Trail Spur Tendrils of Wisteria And cigarette smoke Cloud of noseeums Bluegills Tease the bobber The sheen Of her pearl earring Summer Moon Linging twilight I tuck a jasmine garland In my braid Summer breeze Now and then Mother's fragrance Picasso I see different wife My in a way Birch bark Disastering in the wind Spring break This greening mist Thewinterburnedazaleastudded With Vermillion flowers Perhaps? There is a heaven Cherry blossoms Metro station Awistfulfaceatthewindow In the moving train First light My dream mother opens Her blue eyes Lilac, dusk Ibring'hometheflowergirls' Smile A weed in my hand Magic in yours Dandelion Swarms of butterflies Crossing the border? Rumors of war The overwhelming Responsibility Day, Lily Wishing Fountain Most thoughts Still a penny Snow dust Covers the garden [whispered] Prayers The wicks sizzle Before the flame steadies First birthday alone Clink of condiments In the refrigerator door Sleeting rain First, Bach After his death The silences Skiing I think of the ants Under the snow Slighting plastic bag Failed To become a cloud April Snow Wish I knew more About Grandpa Morning light Part of a Robin's egg Catches the wind Fern Spores His choice to return To where he was born A house fly Until I open The window Sunset The click of cicadas Downshifts Call of the red deer stag Mist gathers Under the great bear Full moon All the places You could be Autumn, Equinox Measurement nightfall Pumpkin by Pumpkin Hermit, Thrush The last of a sun patch Slips off a birch Dark phase Of the moon I go incognito Dinning sun A bittern blends In the reeds With someone Who understands? Wind in the alders Smell of rain A partridge drums From a dry stone wall Geese honking I left home To find home Pioneer Cemetery Here and there a name Faces Heavenward Part maggot Part bone Part prayer The suspended hoof Of the ragman's horse Stopped Time How long? A thousand years is Pine needles in wind Getting it right? The first time The moon River mouth The incoming tide Takes it all back Time lapse photography I too Am a leaf? As always That'swherethestory'begins Wild mustard The barn painted One shade lighter Than the wind First day of May The woodchuck's cheek Full of flowers Hare Moon A Cooper's Hawk Decide's to stay Dead wood Tiny copperheads Coil in the sunshine The bee inside The fly outside [ windowbumping] Troople lily More baroque Than jazz Memorial Day The nonagenarians Crisp salute Bikers laying wreaths On soldier's graves First snow Christmas visit The dog just Rolls with it Lamplit dust An ants path Across the psalms Blizard! Another trip To the game closet Ballon animals The kids tether them To my wrists Ancient ghetto In the bakery windows Sunlit, Challah His memorial More than my share Of cherry pie No one's footsteps Left to follow Late winter rain Outdoor market I linger in the shade With sea cucumbers Near evening Willow shadows return To the river Third day of rain The sofa out of place An inch Even on calm days Thesecoastaltreesremember Which winds prevail? Leaning into An Achilles stretch Autumn deepens Smell of the hills When all you can see? Are their outlines? All but two Close their eyes Evening prayer Emergency room Pieces of autumn leaves Litch the floor First snow My children shed 20 years First Christmas Unregelous baby footprints On newly fallen snow Predawn coffee The smell of Cedar On my wool shirt Finchling In the autumn sun Dogwood leaves Pea soup fog The slosh Of a paddle wheeler "Dancing Moon" The slickeddown reeds Of a muskrat slide Orange sun An Eagles talon [Drops River] Hazy Harvest Moon Leaves floating Where others sank? Darkness Beyond the porch light The chatter of coyotes Winds kickin up I make small talk With the locals Heather blooms A house Martin lingers Above the bog The hounds At the end of their tethers Hunter's Moon Deep night A dog sniffs The moonlit toad One of us From a strange world Dragonfly A small cabin The moon Gets into everything The things I think I can't do without Lunar eclipse Birthday A gathering of moths On my paisley shawl Labor Day The sixth graders Worry lines Unafraid Of what comes next? Cicada shells Super Moon! The pencil Pointless Silence The monarchs I remember Rain at dusk The slanted scent Of baking apples Adopted She wonders where The waves come from The last star In the morning light Nightblooming, Cereus Dark corners Of a beet field The pelting rain He clings to the memory Of his old fallen barn Wild cucumber Long summer The whiskey glass full Of midnights We walk the path That others made Dune grass First, tuft Of milkweed fluff A wish for more summer End of summer The sparrows songs All vespers Making it's way Around the sundial Moon shadow Fresh azure sky The lark Accompling Sine wave A purple finch Does the math? Cooling shade Cedarwaxwingsflyinandout Of the honeysuckle Mimosa flowers Drifting in the breeze Notwantingmybooktoend The little shift In the blue Jay's song Accepting my age Self portrait The summer dress I wore out Ancient songs An elder's sweat Rolls off the boneflute [Brackish Pond] Just a hint of the bullhead In the blackness Wet mud shines Wherethegrasshopperwas? My vow of silence A fish soars Impaledonospreytalons The soft blue sky His dog asleep On the empty side Third deployment Simmering heat Two rams, spark horns At the water trough Opium poppies Droop with yellow dust Wind from the Gobi Searing heat The glint of a plow blade Resurfacing from the soil Barber shop Only one fish left In the aquarium Suns embers The rustfangled workings Of the old mine High country Pairs of Kangaroo ears Pin down the sky Telephone poles The long, straight road Through clearcut New white shirt The outline Of my sunburn They stomp off Flipflops Having a dialogue? Lowhanging fog A line of surfers waits For the next wave Storm clouds building Reenactors gather For an understood outcome June Moon A hallmark card that says Just what I mean A glass bowl Of river stones Model home Flowers that fell Fromweddingbouquets Path through the woods From the lip of a lily A grasshopper leaps In summer Old Pond The church bell deepens Within me Nodding to The rhythm of the breeze Wildlantanas Caterpillar Winding up the thread Of summer Wild flower I breathe my Lonelyse Gathering light Shrimping boats stir The salted mist Rainy season Time slows down On a banana slug trail Stringing memories Now I fly the kite For Father Long train journey Ababyboytalkstohisbrother In his own language Shifting mist A rocky outcrop Of Wallabies Trau'sse A Robin's egg On cobble stones Rain beads The scent of her Absence With each pull of oar Tadpoles scatter From the Lily pads In the two inches provided The carbound dog Sniffs the world Sleet snaps At the window He pats the lettuce dry Curlews, wade Theemptyingcreeksandchannels Winter twilight Fermats last theorem A jar of buttons In a hoarder's garage Word war A spider weaving By the fire Drawing A pailfull of darkness Village well At the risk Of a relapse Plum blossoms Early spring Not enough sun To move the snake Tracking The scent of Fox Follows me Eyeglow Of the raccoon clan Spring constellations Black Tarmac That instant Before the snowflake melts Christmas morning The blue eye Of the rockinghorse Church nave The solemnity of Handhewn beams First Dream A small bird calls My secret name Eye exam In the dark, he compliments My retinas Moonrise An owl swoops up Something Long tunnel Commutators, look away From themselves Glass tabletop A fingerprint On a fingerprint Backstage tour (aclownwipesawaythesmile On my son's face Plastic bags Shine in the sun Osprey's nest Still waters A thousand scoters Wing to Wing Returning Geese? I add a leaf To the table How to spell? The nuthatchs call Delivery truck in reverse Honeybee's sway On the snowdrops One of her good days Mallard's swim In the aqueduct He's family now Rumble of the train Taking me farther From frog songs Wind, Chimes The sound of winter Piercing my bones Snowflakes A frogshaped stone By the pond Coffee art I postpone The first sip Valentine's Day The heat In the fajita Ash Wednesday The stamp on my hand From last night Staple glass The way Christ responds To march sunlight Spring thaw Another tine Of the antler Concertina echoes The gnarled trunk Of an olive tree Robin "Against the blue sky" My retirement plan "Dancing slips away" The warm shadow within The Thanksgiving turkey Exploding In our happy faces Giant snowflakes Another exception To the rule Dryed persimmons Long night The fine print Of contraindications Christmas train Traveling with? The child within Another year The odds and ends Of her crazy quilt My thoughts, too Have lost their foliage Winter night Russian birches Tracks of trotting turkeys In the snow Winter squall The bittersweet Fills with starlings Sleepless night Learning the shape Of darkness The slow progress Of the search boats Egret's taking wing Autumn, dusk The orange underbelly Of a slug Lightning Oak A screech owls nest In the breach Indian summer The woodpecker pauses To sing Without A sound Killing frost? First kisses Briarbudsandskunkcabbage Closing their frost Falled maple leaves Flatten in the rain Cries of southbound Geese Fresh linen My son becomes A ghost Dead wood The ministry Of wind Nightfall A waft of frangipani By the pool Hooded, Mersener I hold my breath Betweeneachdive Small craft warning A light chop In the birdbath Cumulonimbus Time to harvest The cauliflower Cemetery, visit Vine's overtake The silk flowers Slicing red bell pepper The green heartbead Tumbles out Seeds of bulrushes A harrier trails Mist from the Marsh A wren cowled In spider silk Autumn morning A turtle tries The strawberry bed Egg moon Field of daisies The white spots On the fawns rump War games Aboyweighsthebantamsegg In his palm Behind bars The sun's glow In butterfly wings Summer morning A garden lizard drinks The dewdrop on a leaf Unborn child A veined sea pebble In her hand Ripening plums The patience I never quite Got the hang of Penny On the railroad tracks Summer Doldrums Salt pans The railway line Disappeared into sky Snowmelt A song I haven't heard in ages Erasing The long winter Hyacinths Women's Day I teach the nanny To sign her name Tying my sweater Around my waist Spring, equinox Sunlit canvas He unfolds a rabbit From the spring sky Vernal pool Just for a moment I understand Sun shower Wanting to hear the voices? Of the blooming things The brown calf Breaks into a trot Spring breeze Third trimester The mother duck and I Both waddle Winter night The big dipper [Glauths] Darkness Learning who? Not to listen to Snowy Mountains Skylight Moon My unspoken need For boundaries Paragraph After paragraph Winter fly The peanut butter sandwich? Left unmade Snow Day Mild winter day A jogger's ponytail Bob's up and down Winter melt Reading the snowmans Body language A change On my mammogram Snow Moon Annual cull The deer races It's shadow owing money My hands smell Of old pennies Ice Storm ended The height of a short man's Slam Dunk Hunger The metallic taste Of winter wind Penal pine The last of the sun Angles away Dying stars Stones on the beach Wet with Dew His promised Return Paper airplane escorting A dead dragonfly 100 undertakers Grain of the wood Their conversation At the viewing Deep fog A sax returns the call Of a tug horn Smell of applewood Porch bellies In the smokehouse Eagle Cloud The mistral's breath In my bones Eagle sighting The passing trucker and I Share a thumbsup First, frost The scent of coffee reaching A little further The randomness Of where things fall Red Maples The smell of sweat Here comes The collection plate Muggy evening The whine Of the battery charger Fireflies The sparking thoughts Of an insomniac The longest drought A coyote nuzzles The Jimson Wweeds Rain at last I ask the piano salesman To riff a little bach Wing beats Of a pelican Oursailscatchthebreeze I open my eyes From dreams to daydreams Whirligig beetle A pigeon Cooing circles on the dock End of summer Evening dusk The clang of pots and pans Through a marriage Billiard Balls On worn felt The rain Summer evening Dusk falling Through the skylight Rice field All these extra prayers Becoming stars An undertone To the orchid's scent Somewhere a clock Coconut Grove Leaf blades, comb The moonlight Spruce Woods Fireweed filling The vacancy Corrugated sun Chilies and laundry In rooftop haze Home from war We ease out The champagne corks Memorial Day A shadow for each White Cross Spring rain As the doctor speaks I think of Lilacs Spring Moonset A rice ball for Breakfast Sunny afternoon An old man lingers Near the mailbox Cinco de Mayo Horses roll In the shallows Quitting time The smell of rain In the lobby Waves Slowly cresting towards shore A faint moon Overnight rain The scent of orange blossoms In a desert town Misty summer rain Calling Pheasant In Zen temple Day is done Poppies amidst The dying grass Watching clouds? The white petals Of a crushed crocus Mountain stream Two well placed rocks The path home Night shift In the parking lot, car lights Dim near morning A wild violet On the sunny hill noon, time nap A sunny day Pink haze of the cherry blossoms Over the hill Polished oak The freesia's shadow ends In coffee foam Nobody here A table in the mountain Speckled with petals First date Not even noticing The new moon Vantage difference Gliding Geese, settle onto Their reflections Distinct Hawk A gust of cherry petals Crosses the lawn Orange sunrise peaks through The tubes and wires of fathers Life support machine Moonlessness So many ways I want to touch you Earth Day Even the shadows at Dusk Smell green So cold A goose honks its way Across the night sky Damped straw The dayold colt mesmerized By the radio Prying At the window Wind In winter's wind The call of a friend Who now has cancer? Rainy bridge The river flowing Faster Spring breeze The balcony's shadows On my book Winter drizzle All the passing faces look In the cafe Smells of spring Adrift in the morning air Bubbles under ice Spring morning Your hand on my breast A bird Crossroads The brown core Of an apple Hot afternoon A flirting couple In the memorial's shade Last red in the sky A small girl's moon face rises Over the counter Day Moon The woman with silver hair Steps back into the shade Morning delivery Snow comes in With the FedEx man Easter An anxious mother calls In the wind Windless day The prolific weeds At the grave site Spring day Cool and grey Cup of tea Grey today The waves rush Memories Spring equinox Pray the ancestor grave In cold rain Folding chair The newborn colt tries To stand Dispatched sun One chickadee Louder than the rest Orthopaedic clinic A threelegged chair Outside the entrance The plane's landing lights A wave of barking Scrubs the neighbourhood The way grass parts As the pheasant passes Spring's end At halfmast A butterfly passes by The still flag Half asleep The rhythm of the Receding rain Evening service Light beams In the night Watching summer clouds? Thoughts shaping and Reshaping Geese honking Children in the Tubb playing Rabbit trail Nothing but ears Above the snow Late night at the office An exit sign floats Next to the moon Celtic Harp The first raindrops touch My cheeks Traffic jam Three saffronrobed men, munch nuts In their SUV Valentine's Day A forsythia Without birds Early spring air All day long Our beds not made God away Washing his socks? By hand Her fresh flowers His fresh grave Valentine's Day Valentine's The Mailman's steps Break the ice Only two pinecones On the park bench Valentine's day Lakeside Below the egret A city of lights Hedgerow birds Three boys share a spliff By the school gate After the rain Moon and stars Underfoot Dwindling bonfire A shooting star Near Orion Cold night A plane blinks through Orions bow Dark tree silhouettes Low on the horizon Orion rises Science day The programme begins With rituals Traffic argument The camels sneer Is impartial? Winter stars Suddenly a whiff Of perfume Trains come and go But the same people Drinks at bar First raindrops The freight train I passed Two states ago Silence A shining snow path to A pale moon Thousands of miles Away her first birthday Fresh mango Swimming across The moonlit sky A gray carp Half moon Darkness drinking from an Alabaster teacup Whilst Down river An egret's shadow a McDo box Floats towards the fountain Insect on board New Year A magpie turns over An old leaf New Year Fireworks In a misty sky Silence The moon breaks through The firework smoke Spring, mist The tree I take shelter under Planted in remembrance Linging cold The last jar of maple syrup On the cupboard shelf Oh, moon moon Above so much powdery snow Father is still ill Deepening snow She leaves our atlas open To her homeland "Family names" The warmth of a woodstove In January Eddying leaves The old woman's wrinkled face And saree Morning, mist The iora is gone Before I recall its name Drifting fog The house across the road Reeppears Dying Right before my eyes Morning Moon Morning, glories Find their way to the sun On barbed wire Summer rain The smell of earth In the air Early spring Everything Dripping More rain Mildew colors The old roof Mountain Storm Somewhere during its echo The thunder ends Even my pee Stays inside this Cold winter night Snowfall A milk mustache On my daughter's face [Whispered] In the sound of the rain Other familiar sounds Sun dog So many names? Cleaned on the cliff Fly Be afraid No Buddhists in this house Sundown Summer evening melts in dark Parfum of tea Before dinner The spider and a fly Share the sunset He kissed me On the Fourth of July Fireworks Working late The sound of a small brown moth In the lampshade In the yard Between our argument A red dragonfly Free floating A tide full of shell fragments And fireworks Late summer rain Two kids break the bottles Under the bridge Morning fog The bluebirds call Clearly audible Rain The sound of a horse galloping Through leaves Too hot to sleep I search for my son's footprint In the front drive The boat crests a wave Tracing my finger around An ancient stone A mosquito aiming noisily The sound of one hand Novocain, Prick The warmth where? The dental nurse leans The smell Of many campfires In this old hunting shirt Sculpting Clay, the potter At dawn Master Wind Scanning the temple Zealously House cleaning The forest fire At dawn Metal birds Fly south to the Forest fire Stormwater A shadow pauses At the gate Cricket's songs In the pitchdark night How many secrets? "Chatribe" With the typhoon, more coins At the temple Food channel Between commercials Dinner burns Dying this Autumn Night The heron's legs We sip sweet tea In silence A soldier's mother Fireside A son's face smiles down From the mantelpiece Remembering summer? How brittle the leaves? Underfoot Deep in the night My computer turned off Sound of autumn rain No more war Two fighting beetles On a tombstone Near the wall Of the cemetery A condom During the vigil A withered flower On the tiled floor No moon The individual Songs of crickets Indian summer Rouging her cheeks As she waits for a drink Egrets Plumping shadows At dusk Sugar for the tea Behind the bowl A line of ants Fire ant mound Against the flower pot After the rain Forgetting my words Step by step The autumn night deepens Loud pub music A long silence Between the flirting couple Autumn bonfire All my summer dreams Scatter with the smoke Dying light A red leaf bouquet At the smallest grave Out of the city So many stars Unnamed Solo trip In the campfire smoke Old memories One hundred views Of the sunrise Appropriate block Doves On the TV antenna War on TV The red maple Striptease In the driveway Pumpkin Moon Tai Chi Movement's Time The eclipse photos Frost On the pumpkin Lunar eclipse All Saints Day In the field, only small Pumpkins are left All hallows, Eve Stars paint the Cemetery ground All Saints Day Spended candles In the cemetery Dark clouds A student drawing With charcoal Typhoon passed One watering can In the sandbox Typhoon passed Comes the Local Circus Red Dragonflies Gather around the Blind person Letter from overseas A call from Southward Geese Thines the thicket Indian summer The neighbor's daughter, Sunbathes Besides their empty pool Smell of roses Counting the stars? One by one Eating rice? How many stars are? In the sky Falling leaves A trail of clothing Leads to the bed Biting his nails A little boy watches The outgoing tide Cold night My reflection Sipping coffee November moon The last ball of cheese In the fridge The Thanksgiving meal After eating the talk Slows down Around where the? Steppingstone ends off Autumn gone Dawn The maples colors Spread through the fog Geriatric Ward The table groans When they fold it up Watching The lunar eclipse A dead rose Moon viewing Warming my hands With a cup of coffee Halloween night Ghosts and goblins Watch the rain Burning leaves Kerry concedes The election Downpour The Pumpkin's Smile Goes out Indian summer The Viagra stock Deflates An old temple Amongst cedar trees Too many leaves fallen From an old temple To an old temple Autumn Wind Hundreds of Gentians blooming Class reunion A new day The priest's robes Fill with snow Late harvester [Sickle Moon] In the sky Over the mature corn Silent phone Only the ring From his teacup The teacup As empty as My evening A teacup To fill My afternoon My day Measured out In teaspoons Refusing The tea leaves Distinct thunder Moonlight Baby's cheek At breast Cold night The clink of bottles In a grocery cart Constant contemplating Nightfall The stone, Buddha The offering In front of the stone, Buddha Eated by cats Between two rivers The echo of His mallet Sunday afternoon A steam train Pushes back the fog Winter clouds Seem to move slower too In the cold night It happened Just after the full moon Snow Longdistance train Men on the platform Talk on their mobiles Two minutes silence A cell phone keeps ringing Nehru smiles from his frame Venus A faint glow From the refinery Predawn A grey dove outside My window Solstice A shaft of sunlight Through rock Rainburst Thoughts of you Dying Desert wind The potter's fingerprints On an ancient shard Another test Another doctor, visit Long winter nights Arctic air Calms the desert heat Blended whiskey December, dusk A solitary pine tree All lit up Christmas services A cellular phone rings out Handel's messiah Dry wheat grass A bleached blond Combing her hair No stars In the sky tonight Haunted Carp Breathless Camellia's falling One by one In the dry grass Frost appears On the fallen pears Slate skys "Kild Mark outlines" On the sidewalk Autumn Along the highway Buzzards, wait Together We watch the eclipse Far apart Last leaves Shaking on a branch Late migrators Enough sky She turns love letters In wings A butterfly [Hovers] Above me Friends funeral Windstorm The berry stains On the path Remembrance Day Even the traffic Pauses for 2 minutes 21gun salute Mister fire echoes In his eyes Dignified March Veterans and peacekeepers Pass the applause Bare trees In patches of fog From here Wild fires In the mist The ashes Growing darkness Glen of setting sun On Chinese Lantern Rain scented air A thousand frogs Croaking Grey sky The cluster of white breaks up In egrets Night traffic The silent lake Seems much bigger Little pawprints In the concrete From the Lost Kitch Danube dripping From a housewife's bag The tail of a carp False Dawn Sometimes I still Think of home First, frost A twirl of yellow leaves As the bus passes The same moon Shines on us both These cold sheets sodium light A darker world beneath The puddles [ lockerbie] The long walk from Graveyard In town Silbury Hill My wife pregnant with our First child North winds Snow flakes and The smell of smoke Burning leaves This foggy evening Two kinds of smoke Stoplight Each of us tapping To our own beat WASHING encounter A plastic shark Falls out of a bath towel Seven Samurai Half the village burning While my son makes popcorn Hard winter ground We argue about The constellations Road accident A crowd of teddies stares out From the shop window Deep night One cricket chirps Anyhow? Ants transport a moth Traffic noise penetrates The Bamboo Grove Autumn breakfast The last mosquitos hover Over my campfire Passing monarchs? A few leaves flutter To the road Waiting for winter Eating rice balls? Under a full moon (Crawling steamed rice) The laborer At sundown Windswept afternoon Tea scent On my tongue Grandfather's grave Just another stone For the dragonfly A sleepless hour First, the Geese Then the train Fall clock The deer by the pond An hour earlier Morning troubles It starts with a dead cricket In the spider web Cotton fields The only white left Is the snow? Peach Moon The thin slice left For us "Grassy Moon" We slip off our shoes To count the stars The fish lazily surface In the pond nearby The sun on my teacup Parting the fog Blue nose of the ferry Homeward bound Autumn sky Many layers of clouds Puddle of leaves Autumn sky Shades of pink and purple Field of Pumkins Last light Sounds of Crow's settling In the tree Chirping birds The instant I press The stop button Plasma TV In high resolution The homeless man's face The sound of Geese Worried by the sound of the train This morning At breakfast After first sip of coffee I notice a rainbow Cigardas At twilight Finally, it rains Dying bougainvillea In the night sky Mars Afternoon, lull The traffic island crowded with pigeons Bike tail lights A lingering smell Of perfume Quiet Lane After the jasmine Smell of fried onions Gentle On my window Summer rain Summer's end A cool rain slides Down the Hollyhocks Summer's end My hand lingers In the dry grass Hungarian Half of the moon Hidden Rain Another leaf Down Sharia The sound of one hand [Clapping] Acorn falls The sound of rain Continues First day of autumn Splash of a spawning salmon Another cycle begins Last day of September Bay and islands in fog Aroma of coffee First day of October The morning sun in my eyes Clank of the furnace A fine mist Covers the tall cedars Foggy glasses Splatting drops Moments ago, they held A rainbow Hillside thunder 'Bill a rainbow in a plume Of smoke Morning camp Only an ember remains But it's enough Blackout How bright Mars shines? This summer night Rush hour Closing the car window? On my hair Blackout The holiday glow Of fireflies Blackout In my neighbor's house A room to room glow Warmedover coffee The gray gray sound Of winter rain The old temple A snake on the stone step Crawling away Sparrow song Two ladies on the verandah Just before the rain Summer heat My air conditioner Sweating! Summer's end One haiku becomes Another Sunset The shopkeeper burns incense To drive out mosquitoes Slightly rain Cows, crowd the entrance To the hotel Opulent temple Pigeons occupy Every niche Over the bay August full moon rises As days shorten Dog days The hill carried away A truck at a time Linging day I study the moss In a park bench Last straw rejection The telemarketer tells me I'm too old Summer's end An orange sunset Curbered on the wall Two moons On August 27th Mother's birthdate Wild fires, rage Smell of Cedar Fills the air Children dancing Circles in the rain Autumn leaves Falling leaves Unpacking winter clothes From Cedar Trouts Starless night Las Vegas spills Over the desert Garden, embrace The fresh smell of her Sun dried laundry Kitchen, embrace The smell of her hot Apple pie Farewell, embrace A faint essence Of mothballs Falled tree The poor woman's axe Gleams brightly Wooted Street The black pig's feet And tail tip are white Unkept Garden A hibiscus blooms Amongst the weeds Surprisingly drunk In the orchard A flock of waxwings Bonfires, glow My niece cups her hands Around a firefly Dark Clouds A pigeon Twin Towers Where once two shadows? Now only sun Rice seedlings Each step deeper In the mud The moon In every puddle The same The stench Of a dead sheep In summer Sad words And tears in my teacup Rainstorm Rainy New York From the tenth storey window Black umbrellas bloom Rainy Baltimore "Orange blossoms" In cafe windows Summer wind The blue Jay's reflection In the birdbath Memorial Day A layer of dust Covers his urn Cloudburst The flies are already In the house Soft rain The sound of hammering From the construction site Sunset The day's heat Still in the car End of the drought A mushroom tilts Under the spruce Day Moon The girl brushing her hair Smiles suddenly Lifting fog The face of an old friend On my morning walk Daybreak Still sipping bitter coffee? We rehash last night Cloud shadows And Eagle picks over What the tide left? Ebb tide A photo of a missing girl Flutters in the breeze First raindrops Frog bones in The middle of the path After the long wait Two unattended dove eggs In summer rain Walking to work The blossoms on my street Late this year Morning, mist A Canada goose Sleeping on the dock Summer solstice He remembers To lift the sea Fresh paint A white moth circles The bug light Slow boats The wind pushes a butterfly Out to sea Reading a book A sudden brightness The full moon Falling leaves I already miss you This winter Storm warnings Sunday afternoon by the fire Mail from an old friend Shivering In the cold spring air Plum blossoms It's as if winter Is about to leave? Mom minus fortysix Steam from the coffee Warms my nose Skyscraper A windowwasher squeegees The thunderhead High winds Trees down on power lines No morning coffee On a grey day A spot of colour His red hair 300 am Through sounds of winter rain The mail plane landing No wind tonight Across this reach of Prairie All those stars A dry new year December Snowman begins To show his age First snow The asylum seeker Thoughts on the land Checking dividends On the cashpoint screen To and froan ant Sunshine and snow The boys in the reserves Watch the letterbox Rumors of war Removing decorations From the Christmas tree Insomnia The mouse Has it too? Stars at dusk A spray of willow buds By the gate Untrodden snow My breath clouds the way In the trees Creed Moon I follow the trail of A dragged Christmas tree Fireworks gone Orions beauty remains In the stillness Mass over The rush to be first Out of the lot Her plastic lifelines In harsh hospital light Even fresh flowers fade Home again Even the ants Seem familiar Along the road Shape of a willow Conforms to the trucks Obituary A child's face Smiles from the page New Year's Day Spended bottlerockets In the road Wolf prints The gas lantern Splutters White roads Leading nowhere Happy New Year Drinking mulled wine? On the square White breaths First Christmas A tiny new stocking Joins the family Autumn sun My shadow over Grabstones Fly fishing The sound of the wind In the reel Mountain Cave From out of darkness The morning light Chill night New fallen pear blossoms Glow in the moonlight Changing winds Bring up your kite And the Dow Fresh autumn breeze Or the advance of age? Forgot tea 60 today The full moon Still rising Desert Garden Frosted lettuce leaves In the pink dawn Passover darkness Before the buds burst open A child's eyes in death Misty morning Echoes of blue Jay Cries Through the pines Farmers market She paints a flower On a child's cheek Montena morning The horses with their backs To blowing snow Street light sway Dreams of her linger With the storm Tandemo bicycle Wind in our hair A shared laugh Fresh brewed coffee Cream and sugar swirls She stirs in her thoughts Dry Haystack Flames climb higher "Against the Night Sky" Spring breeze Blowing dandelions In circles Sack of cheeries Clouds grow dark on the road To the coast Salmon Sunrise A splash resounds over The calm bay Road closed Moist tracks continue on Local traffic only Refeated by spring winds Schoolgirls sniffing body spray Behind the gym (Neale Exchange) Sharing a breakfast drink? In Museum Square Mayflowers Three small boys track down Terrorists Boy's bedroom A blackbird's nest Found deep in the lilac A lost child In a ward of iron lungs Her daffodils Zhnes in a glass The nurse takes away his pot Of blue hyacinths Coffee cold She clips the obituary From many papers August Wind On the dock, seagulls Stand on two legs Strong winter wind Bits of Batman kite wings Fall from the tree Georgia Peach Sweet cream and wrinkle remover In the shopping cart A skein of birds Twines across the sky The northbound train departs Dawn chorus begins I reach for The snooze button Late rising moon Fireflies decorate The tamarind tree Moving day My life Reduced to boxes Rainstorm Ants drink From a droplet Meteor watching A match lights up An unknown face Ancient Roman ruins Along both sides of the road White jet trail above Sky dewed with stars Cool air listening in news A man was hanged Country cemetery Smell on corroded tombstone Trails from A to O Removed summer grass Horses browse Through crusted snow Old leather saddle Cherry colored and shiny Smells of horse Dental's office Cracks between tiles Filled with dirt Raking the leaves Wind blows The wrong way Hot beach sand Between my fingers A cigarette butt Between the second And the third line Short trip to bathroom "Stupid Arab" He only wants to learn To fly straight Gret stands In the blue rice field Dusk creeps in Long centipede On the ceiling, long talks Of what to do? White clouds drift In the August sky A child dreams Want? The honey Inside me Post Office Stamped on the sidewalk Pink blossoms Straw hat Flowers fading Under the sun Voices of loons Cross the misted cove Call and response Rainy day They give me back My shoelaces Dusk The space between us Filling with snow Fraternal morning A blue psilocybin in the middle Of the garden Talking with you Now, this morning, somehow Smell of plumeria Red as the poppy Maple leaves fall On the memorial First day of Autumn Even your touch feels Somewhat cooler At last some sunshine Blue Pacifc this morning Boasting tea, water In the room White lillies in the vase Smell of pepper Lightstudded ferry Passes in the starless night Another weekend The sunrise Fresh salmon on ice So very pink A tunnel of fog Connects the two islands Warmness of my duvet October morning A new pair of new wool socks On my very cold feet Last night of Summer The bright, full moon of last night Hidden by a cloud All my lights off To watch the rising Of the Harvest moon In this desert A memory of blue sea Shells in the sand Federal Express Reaches me through the fog Plumeria lei Midnight and full moon My neighbour asks to borrow The vacum cleaner The blue iris Colour changing hue Soft Summer rain A sea change The weather turns cool Hot rum and lemon Moldy odors In the nursing home Dying elders February 15th A broken heart In the cookie box Smell of newsprint Twenty beauty queens With one smile "Still of wind" A woman's face lights up By the cooking fire Ricegreen Pond Dark herons stand In an arc midnight The moon dances In my teacup Burntdown House Yellow elders bloom In the garden Waiting for Moonrise The moving red dot Becoming a plane Cool morning A fog of insecticide In the red truck's wake Harrible sunlight Faces peep through the bars Of the police van Moonrise A woman croons To her baby Burnt house The owner's name On the iron gate Petrol fumes Smell of fresh bread From the bakery Clocking rails Five languages In the compartment Small talk Sixteen ants on the wall Seventeen Flight of egrets A boy stands with his ear To a telephone pole Last station The King of Hearts on the Floor Of the compartment Sultry afternoon Little mirages Above the tar [Wrinking tar] Silk cotton drifts Across the road Smoky moon A cloud of insects around The street light Crystal morning Dryed puke On the car door A bullock cart Loaded high with shoe boxes The driver's cracked feet Enough street The For Sale sign Overgrown with weeds Tree, less corners The tall shadows Of beer bottles Faded asters The cortege pauses at her gate Moves on Biomark Just a cyst this time A break in the clouds Plastic flowers Placed beside the highway Memory fades Troubled sleep Steam rises From a storm sewer Wall Street watch The unnerving plunge Of her neckline My daughter's 18th birthday The warming sunshine In her hair Orthopedist's office All paintings tilted Migrately off center Stand up By a parttime lover Shooting star English newspaper A lot of starving people Between fish chips Five star hotel A cockroach scurries Poolside His old hands Working the soil Smell of brewed tea ses vieilles mains Fortysix years Writing my name Yellow in snow At the memorial A Hawks cry Scans her ashes Hawks, hover The view of calm seas Through a gunport Mother's Day I let the phone ring longer For her Mid October The sudden thinness Of my robe Wood flute music Through an open window The crows rasp Smelling two pages Of the Websters Unabridged Wild, Lilac Valentine's dinner Nothing on the menu 'Case him From the Armoire Smell of passion in a candle Yet to be burned Strike of His snoring punctuated By fireworks A new year's bonfire Misty rain On the embers Typhoon warning A farmer on the path Between the rice fields The farmer lady A few daffodils in a basket Of white radish March wind A strawberry off From my birthday cake Just extinguished Smoke slowly, curls Out pumpkin eyes Afternoon rain A neighbor opening her curtains Too NewYork, September The oneway sign points towards The billowing cloud Full moon night The shape of the Mannequin's breasts In the shopwindow Inhaling spring Her new breast Two months old Requiem Mass Staples of dust drift In stifling air Morning rush He finds a half red kiss On his coffee cup Tense meeting My chewing gum Out of flavor Puddle! From last night's rain Relatively, the clouds Cold snap More than my prints On the camera Day of the Oscars In the Spring sun I plant onions Yellow walnut leaves Slowly appear on the lawn Early morning light Morning commute Headlights fade In the whiteout Solitary walk At nightfall, the flash Of distant fireworks Sunlit helmet The young soldier's eyes Invisible Sunday lunch The chatter of children Among hard drinkers Early The path of the sun Blocked by billboards Harvest Moon I gather my thoughts For winter Night of meteorites Enjoying the sound of rain Instead Driving home? Full moon Dancing in puddles Late summer Graffit's overgrown With Ivy Meditation room Books of Wisdom Lean left and right Turning north Sand from both oceans In little jars Cool morning At the top of the rise Deer, pass in the fog Sipping fresh cider Both dippers Among the far stars Sentinels of spring Kite's bobbing for attention In saucy March winds Three days Of cold autumn rain A dull ache Waiting! For my illness to end November rain My body Axing and feverish After nightfall Thank you, Manga For a moment I was Somewhere else? Amber leaves Caught between for sale And sold Season of mists A calling of wild geese Arrows south Old manor house Each empty room has It's own echo Huges The spider on my Old friends, arm Spray painted log I try not to sit On the word "F" Between the yoga And chi gung classes Smell of burning sage A few yellow leaves The construction site grows Toward my favorite tree Horizonless Skycolored ice Turns in the bay Week of rain The Insects Trail On the flattened leaf noon, Glare The wind blows sand Out to sea A white night Salmon, bones Curled against a log Dawn Storm A bit of mountain ash Stirred into the snow Approaching winter I leave the seashell At the bottom of my purse Morning, Hague Ice drifts around The river stones A Hawk searches The dry grass Sundogs Berry stains Along the sidewalk Hind of frost A bright morning The mud pulls away From a frosty stone Sharp air The patch of blue Changes shape New coolness A trains, light moves Along the mountainside A cold morning Goose honks echo Off the pavement Steamed milk Snowmelt running from The coffee shop roof Walking meditation I pass through A cloud of breath The courtship songs Of so many birds Wind through my shirt Spring currents The first gulls Picking bones? Smell of new leaves A caterpillar swings In a shaft of light The empty bench Splended coffee Turned to ice "Dancing Moon" The shadows of bubbles Under the ice Dog days Driving to the lake To watch the iceberg's drift After the rain A frogshaped shadow Wavers in the puddle Wispy clouds The last blossom hangs On the fireweed Discount store The unfinished tatoo On the cashier's arm New coolness A pool at the center Of the lupine leaves Spin cycle Snow flakes swirl outside The laundromat Sirens The wind pushes A butterfly to the ground The puddled field Blades of grass Pierce a cloud Summer dust A caterpillar under The whale bone arch Halffrog pose I lie and listen To the rain Fow patches A second little face In the sonogram A winged ant Crawls on hot asphalt End of summer Working Saturday? The small shadows of pigeons In the fog Night of meteors The first Christmas lights Go up on the block Smell of rain A whaleshaped cloud Hangs over the bay Between memories And the parent's grave The curtain of rain Skylight A contrail crosses Her line of coke Antique store The ocean loud In a seashell Foggy glasses A blurry paragraph Above the bath water The mailbox Captivity in Snowdrift A letter from war Late afternoon A wind chime softly sings In snowy garden Black ice Covers the street Uprooted tree Snow melt "Puting gum spots appear" On the pavement First crowing Breaks my sleep Year of Rooster Traffic jam Melching snow runs On the windshield Japanese New Year How small the new moon? In its halo Covered by snow Like the other stones Little Buddha Rivulets On a foggy window The cancers spread Saying the Rosary A laborer Planting rice Rainy night Her phone number In my wallet His shadow Passes me by The charcoal seller The potter's fingers Wet with clay First rain Year's end A few tentative steps On the river ice Garden wedding Under the cherry blossoms The bride's blush deepens Thaw? A winter moth struggles "Against a spider thread" Evening rain Buy cherry trees Online Mid April The grass, finally Looks like grass noon sun Someone playing scales On a saxophone Out of the fog A white barn with painted Butterfly's Paint peels off The old white house March thaw Same path Even in deep snow The blind horse Shave I share the mirror With a spider Spring day Two Hawks Circle below The contrails Spring flies Buzz above my head E flat Spring rain Cars slowly leave The cemetery Starless sky Dead batteries In the flashlight Campfire coffee Condor Wings, Glen The first rays of sun Seed catalogues In the mail daily Morning snow fluries Driperdripdripdrip The anticipation Of maple syrup New March snow The grouse with a missing toe Still around Quick midwinter, thaw Each icicle drips At its own pace Topless The skyscraper In rain, mist Summer twilight Push mowers, stop! For crickets Fresh sawdust Among the birches His bent shoulders Spunny daphne The money collector stops Before he knocks Hazelstorm Under the groaning roof I hold my breath 'Salely' In the tea house Rainy night Blinding snow Man and dog tracks Run together Cold rain A bunch of daffodils "Against the brick wall" Night stillness A new mail In the inbox Valentine's Day A red rose Sticked in the snow Courthouse of my childhood After so many dead people The old lilac in bloom I completely forgot The Magnoliatree Till it's bloom I light on again The candle on her grave Extuinguished by wind Under floating clouds The cherry blossom snow In the same direction Valentine's Day Awakened by a kiss From the dog Drumming Heartbeat In the mist In the spacebetween Trees and mist A white buffalo A famished mallard Has emigrated? To the city, Zoo An ancient path In a sky without time Departing Geese Her Sunday dress The color of bruises Merging Saturday night The sound of weeping Seeps from the wall Warm rain on the pond My thoughts rise With the koi To the headstone Old footsteps frozen In old snow Pissing in a puddle Droplets of moonlight On her sandal Mango flavoured tea In a silver tin departing guests Lender a while Cold snap Her pause before Each tulip Coltrane Two floors upfloats Out a window Her hair Brought with moonlight Forty years ago Flat moon An aspirine tablet and A Glass of water I wake beside My daughter's sick bed A howling dog "Bloomy cold" We don't chase the lone crow From the sparrow's food That longago kiss And still Orion strides The Winter Sky Drunk tonight An elixir of cherry blossoms And moonlight Eyeing The apple At Buddhas feet The farmer Planting corn under? A pregnant moon A fly beats "Against the window [Wrinking snow] A soda can Shot full of holes Spring sun Easter morning I head out into Trackless snow First, pussy willows The sound of a woodpecker Shifts again Home sick Just the sound Of icicles dripping Spring frost A tower light pierces The sunset Spring in the air My walking stick, pierces [Crusted Snow] Subzero A moth flies towards The moonlit door Dachau A blue sky above The chimneys Morning frost She leaves First Evening walk Smell of tar between Pines On CNN If you listen carefully You can hear December A long shadow Joins another End of path Snowflakes melting On the pond Late winter Opening the Saijiki To early spring Drunk on the beach The Moon in my sake cup Disappeareds After its first flight The young Gerfalcon talons Tighter on my glove Chill wind! Under the monk's robe A naked monk Slightly gust Carp leap from poles To gulp the air Moonless night A cereus cactus opens Solstice blooms Exgirlfriend With a baby carriage Spring rain The gap Between the mountains Filled with fog Somewhere In the graveyard Birdsong Pelting rain On the car radio Nothing but blues Also In the fog The scent of autumn Cold, dark night The warmth of her hand In mine Behind the man In the open doorway Nothing but darkness Snow and rain mixed My angry words And her tears Death Of an old friend My cup empty Winter night Finding my pajama bottoms On my wife 70 mph The infant snores A bit slower Light rain On sweet, sweet clover Late summers, dusk Winter rain The confusion in her voice All over again No island In the bay today Morning fog Stop sign Through the bullet holes Ghetto Moon Rainy morning The haijin stirs Sugar in his coffee Central Park The echo of her voice In every direction Sunny day A wasp tastes Everyone's beer Dusk The mason jar filled With fireflies Eucharist! Pious women still weeping For Jesus Winter Wonderland Even the burnt out car Looks beautiful Afternoon tea The old climbing rose Somehow whiter Clever teatime Finding new cyclamen leaves In an old plantpot Almost home The full moon between Two houses Roadside rest stop He adds a haiku To the graffiti Dude pencil The staff meeting goes On and on Seniors home We celebrate the new year A 700 pm Strong wind Back and forth on lake ice Streetlight reflections Black hole Near Beaver Dam, a Whirlpool spins Autumn leaves vanish Balmy evening The stillness of sheets On the line Sultry afternoon Only the mailbox shadow Crosses the dirt road Long journey back home A forgotten bale of hay Slowly rots away Afternoon escape Within the prison walls A library Strong April wind The smell of Iowa hogs In Minnesota Homework After the school bus passes A spider rebuilds In the orchard Rutten apples now crunchy Winter solstice Her famous blue haiku About her divorce? And his cactus Dying light The stone steps brighter Than the foliage Storm clouds Mother searches for Candles Lavender blooms Next to the Violets In a blue pot After a cold night A cup of coffee Oh, man Xmas away from home B52 pilot Dressed as Santa Hedgehog in the fog Looking for apples Under the wrong tree Van Gogh's blue irises Hangs on a wall with Other gardens Restless night The morning starts Without me In the grasses Cricket's calling The full moon Old Pond Another lily In bloom Storm clouds The roofer talks about Overnight Nearly eighty Opening A jar of preserves A dark horse With a blue harness Winter solstice Spring wind The Magnolia sweeps The sky Night shift He tree frogs sing a road Through the forest Nun and monk Watching the blue heron Fishing in the bay Autumn mist obscures The island in the distance She cleans her glasses Winter night Hot buttered, Rum Fog on glasses In the forest Patches of blue between The tall pines The tall pines Erased against the sky Late September Nun and monk Read the book together In two tongues Rainy day In the rainforest Drop drip drip The curved cheek Of the young monk Sundance on the bay The seasons change She buys new Colour contacts Lost in her mind Fields of white daisies And summer Mason Jar Full of dead fireflies Dark night Halfdark sky A slow roll of thunder Joins the Cicada Wavesound The smooth stone Fits my hand Lost friendship A stray wisp of fog clings To the canyon Hot night The moon nearly full The mosquitoes, too Funeral procession A bee lands On the flowers Gandhi's birthday Continually relighting candles During the peace March Morning radio news A snail crawls up the front wheel Of the express bus Hilltop The clouds Rising to my feet Morning chill A spider's web gleams On the barbed wire Along the pavement Snatches of the same song From different radios Subtlebious rain Frogs singing In many voices Clear night A fireworks flower Opens against the full moon Monsoon clouds A solitary Bright red kite Rain clouds A kingfisher watches The busy traffic Sultry afternoon Iridiscent fly, Gleams Green Or maybe blue? Dry stream bed Clouds drift Above the train Windy A floating leaf Turns Butterfly Cloudburst Two men in the doorway Chat about war Her father's grave The little girl leaves a picture Of a dinosaur Handels Messiah The same tape's my lategrandmother Listened to My sons twelfth birthday A rabbit hops Across the busy street Distinct thunder A shower of pollen Falls from the trees Sunny spring day Walking through a cloud Of perfume Staring at me From the bathroom mirror An age spot The end of summer My light beer Suddenly darker Autumn colors The receptionists Bright red hair Ash Wednesday The priest Lights a cigarette Between? Silent construction cranes The Milky Way First, frost I trim My graying beard Three shades too dark The lipstick On his collar My daughter starts college Another empty Pint of beer First day of vacation Shooting star On a moonless night A familar name On the victim's list My coffee grows cold Where dirty snow? Meets road salt A dozen roses Afghan invasion The dog On my side of the bed Spring snow An expecting mother rests Her hands on her belly The train arrives One more sip From an empty cup of coffee Approaching Storm My twelve yearold's fascination With war Energy crisis Long line At the coffee shop Snow mixes with rain My mother keeps calling me By my brother's name The haze lifts She tosses her hair Over her shoulder My daughter's graduation Tightening the knot On my necktie Away on business The restless cat On your side of the bed Train running late An ant climbs The station wall Dangerous lightning She watches me Watching her crowded train station The tap, tap thump Of a blind man's cane Planning our trip? Lightning flashes Beyond the horizon Wedding night The parents of the bride In separate beds Unhooking her bra The moon peeks Over the treetops Snow outside A small bowl Of imported oranges Blowing bubbles My breath floats away In different sizes A temple garden Snowy path to Bronze Bell Having deep footprints Three feet distance Needed for reading my ku Without glasses Jumping ice cubes All over the floor A hair in my whiskey Wiping the full moon From a wet glossy table With my bare hand Her garden bench She was always sitting Butterfly on Moss New freedom Blue dress now A table cloth Stillness A few flat stones Under the pine Purple Irises Stand still Rain or shine Lunch at the cove The EB and Fry Of their conversation Crisp morning air A bird left his feather At my window Muggy night A lizard on the window screen Motionless Smell of lilies Orange Pollen On my white sweater Summer night breeze Each wish On bamboo branches Rain clouds Parfum of Sweet basil Moonless night The bell buoy Talks to itself Never in darkness Ground zero lights the night New Year's Eve Morning tea He cups his hands Around the glass Nervous of her flute Twenty three years Of our lips touching Summer haze A lone grey wolf pads south Along the highway Stilled by the stream Delicate frost flowers Crunch under work boots After the guests leave The lilies Open Lighting the room Candle by candle A winter evening The Mulberry One brief smell of cut wood In two hours work Divorce hearing We talk about The rain Daybreak The train graffiti drips Autumn, Dew Strike of midnight The blast of foghorns Along the coast After the rain I check the growth Of each tulip The night train passes Along the mountain trail [Bay Snores] The rain Almost a friend This funeral Carousel Rider The pole still warm From her touch Gray, drizzle For miles and miles This road I'm on Old Cottonfields A long time Between snows Harmonica player He cups the cold In his hands Our anniversary So many candle flames? In the mirror Early summer The ice cream truck Makes another round Ring around the moon I remember parts Of a nursery rhyme New gravesite The persistent taps Of a woodpecker [ empty bleachers] A late night fog Takes the field Butterfly on the windshield Another journey Incomplete Emergency broadcast We head for the Storm cellar With a bottle of wine Late spring Each clock in the house Shows a different time Leaving home? The warmth still inside My freshly ironed shirt Dead leaves and rust A few things remain In the fallout shelter Liberty Market One free pickle From the barrel Evening walk Same flickering glow House to house Museum of Transport Train tracks and gravel The morning sun warms up Between Lake Erie And the nuclear station Fireflies The wind all night Rips limbs from the trees A long wait for dawn Nearly 60 So many mountains around me Still unclimbed Passing cars Replace sheep This sleepless night Reoccurrence Of cancer No, spring this year Slender grasses And warm summer rain Touching the Buddha Carousel music The little girl's smile Comes round again In dusk The white rose Still whiter Wisp of clouds The slow spiral of cream In my espresso Almost dusk The zigzag flight Of linked dragonflies At the hotel Plugging in my laptop For a touch of home Lifting fog A few white feathers In the raven's breast The evening train Almost empty Sundogs Lenghtening days A bird's shadow crosses The yellow wall Week of rain The Henna Tatoo Dying fast Low tide A shorebird's call Rises from the mud Bank thermometers The temperature changes All the way home Wildfire, haze! Between the icebergs The blue wind Dandelions I lose sight of The Yellow Butterfly Soft rain Fishing line parts A cloud of gnats Sunday drive All the rain clouds Forget home Summer salad A nasturtium burns The tip of my tongue Seasons end The scent of fish Drifts downstream New moon Lamplight fills the holes In a shotout sign Dusk A yellow leaf passes Through the Beaver Dam Subzero The icicles filled With Moonlight New coolness A cloud passes through The mountain notch Evening light Following the anchor line In the sea Long cold snap The icicle Beginning to fork Moss growing On the manhole cover Winter rain How quickly? The nights grow longer Fireweed in bloom Someone whistling Blue Moon at the falls The mist A spider web Caught in my hand Smell of rain A damp evening Each of us with Our own cloud of gnats A long split In the black inky cap Snow clouds Low clouds A gull circles above The police car light Snowy banks The drifting duck leans In a curve My sweaty skin Enough for three weeks His ironed shirts Beggar's steps At the bakery Slower and slower My hand On her hip Full moon Rain The white lilac Low Over the hedge A dragonfly East Deep autumn The apple colder In the tree Temple courtyard Through the morning fog Peach blossoms Winter White peonies In falling snow Rain Falls from the trees On the blue iris Winter Beach Three grey lines Of sand, sea and sky Through lace The tracery of frost On glass Wisteria Blooming before The end of rain Full moon Only you at my window An empty face [Screenly Purple] "Against the moon" Pines in the light The last light of day Purple Rhododendrons Dissolve in the dark Trembling The hair ribbon falls With inhibitions Beautiful orange butterfly Lands on his shoulder Obivious Brilliant Venus drips From a gold crescent moon This night as the first Fogged window A blend of green and gray Hot tea with milk Morning fog Dissolving Cypress Sfumato Back and forth Grinding ink slowly The weight of my words Sand through fingers A tracery of palms On midnight, blue Silken winds I am wrapped in quietness Of cottonwood seeds Screen of pine White silence glides On egret wings After the fireworks He marvels At the moon In the empty schoolyard Only plastic bags Are going the rounds? For a moment The gull in the air Is very white? Spring breeze Between pages of an old book A crushed rose Smell of rain Soft ridges of mint leaves Oil my fingers Evening sky Counting some fireflies More than once The glass jar Full of fireflies Bedtime Putting a cork In last night's wine Late autumn A cold morning The pink of tulips Through the mist Purple loosestrife Pale in the Linging, mist November fog Not a tree To be seen After the dream The scent of approaching rain In the dusty air After lovingmaking Smell of wild clover Through the window My children and I Race to see the sunset Before it fades Summer's end The tenderness Of light Autumn Twilight Capts the mood of leaves Whispering everywhere White cloud of a moon Drifting in the morning sky These October days Morning Moon Filling up my window Autumn's end This morning, the geese Have taken over the skies In wild abandon Alabaster Moon Gonesome among bare pine tops In cool mountain, mist Kissing her slowly Where the rain? Never falls Smell of rain Young deer, run Across the field White clouds Glear safely Over mine fields Herding sheep The prickly smell Of wet wool Late summer The greyness of dusk Without fireflies Bus stop All eyes On the migrating geese Scalling waves My thoughts move With the tide Circle time She describes her mother Finding a vein? Almost Christmas Thinking how best to reveal? That dad beats mum Behind net curtains Her face glides from window To window Her skin Pale in the moonlight Ebb tide Ancient stone circle The flow Of a Robin's song Her small fingers Bindly grip the pencil Writing her new name House for sale The dandelions allowed To bloom Hot day The cool inside An apple In the attic The sound of March rain So much louder A snowy footbridge The sound of water Under the ice Christmas dinner Grandma's fruit cake attracts Only blue Jays A spring morning The pond's surface blurred By raindrops Afternoon rain Scents rise From the garden New buds On old branches Once again Summer afternoon The scent of evergreens Slowly spreading Looking at the sky Dandelions with haircuts Oh, that wind, that wind Autumn night Puddles by the wayside Filling with the stars Vaude encroaches As vision vanishes Glaucoma wins Graded papers Suddenly the rosebush Blooming Beginning of winter The snow piled high On the lawn chairs Purple nights Fold into morning Whiteouts Stars A full pool In the garden Through closed eyelids Lightning strikes My dream Cloudless sky The gleam of fresh lemons In a blue bowl Late frost Warmness of the tea mug Against my cheek Library return Her hands, warmth Lenders in the book Breakfast alone I find the doves feather He left for me After the postman Nothing in the mailbox Except a lizard November afternoon The insistent bell Of an ice cream vendor A lull in the storm The woodpecker darts To another tree The thyme Has gone to seed Summer's end Fine, shell, new moon On cherry pink horizon Shades of Easter Egg Cold attic Faded cigar box Filled with seashells Antique store window Looking at dirty street snow Through colored bottles Eating alone The sound of cold milk Into a glass One just sits And blue dawn light floods His poor house Soprano clear and cool And pale violin float Above the freeway noise Concentration camp Winter branches touch The statue's shoulders Aged painter Trembling leaves From the tip of his brush Valentine's Day Only rain On the scarecrow Stripping off Her sweatshirt Sparks in the dark A red berry falls Staining the snow A silent sunset This dark night Only white spots move On the calico cat Here and there Breaking through the dusks mist Bright lights Poetry meeting I try to read my haiku A frog in my throat A gloomy Sunday I sip my wine And watch the rain Long after The funeral service The unspoken words On the roof late My brother hammer's nails In the moon Midsummer The nighthawk cries between Pittsburgh and heaven Cold spring Burnt waffles And raspberry jam Cold nose Burrow of warm flannel Morning light An ocean breeze Flips through empty pages Haijin's notebook Long after The witching hour A candle flutters Pressed among pages Of old dictionary A list of action verbs Wind howls and The Cedars sway Driven sailors After the party A lone woman drinks A birthday gift Grey, sea and sky She dreams of Blue Irises Still under white sheet His body four hours later Rain beats on pavement Mother's Day The smell of roses Near a grave Autumn's end The air smells Different Candlelight bath The steam rises From my toes Now the shore is grey And the wind is sharp with rain Some day we'll sit close Wild Iris In the Marsh Unreachable Morning tai chi A breeze stirs the spent petals Of the cherry blossoms Birdsong The rush of the river Over stones Spring afternoon The leaf shadow spreads On the pond Contact lenses The pines on that hill clear For the first time Open suitcase She reads the Oncology Report Backwards Before my door Your footprint's in the snow From last night Brightening sky The low from street lamps Still lingers Bamboo flute The scent Of green tea At the end Of a long learning curve A helmut of white hair Midwinter vanished In a bite of homemade Strawberry preserves While washing spinach? How nice to find? A haiku there At the feeder More birds than room The smell of snow 5am Bird songs lost In air conditioner noise Mud puddles Leaveing behind? A high heel Cold, starry night From the forest edge, the sound Of animal kill After four hours of sleep Light snow fills An empty cup Beringly cold A box of old love letters Hidden in the attic Market forecast Record warmth Followed by rain In the produce aisle A voluptuous woman Compares melons My son's eleventh birthday Miles of cold gray rain Between us Mass Pike trafic The bright red glare Of her lipstick Reflecting The graffiti landscape Soho rain First date Under the streetlight Our shadows hold hands Tent revival The preacher's wife In a miracle, bra Sleeping on the train The gentle rise and fall Of her breasts Commuter daydream I follow the slit in her skirt In oncoming trafic Her welltanned shoulders Wrapped in a sweater The end of summer The NASDAQ falls Moss clings To a weathered tombstone Troubled sleep Somewhere in the darkness An unlocked door Staring at her neckline The deep plunge Of the NASDAQ Lunch hour The automatic teller machine Eats my card Veterans cemetery A wide expanse of lawn Beyond the graves A pear A worm's hole leaves A bitter taste Flea market A sitting, Buddha On his left side New cracks In an old mirror I just noticed Autumn Storm Lightning flashes On Buddha's belly While dusting Buddhas mouth Is smile disappeared? For a few seconds April shower Last drop Of green tea Morning fog Only the scent of Euucalyptus In the mirror A much older woman Returns my glance Heat storm A quick breath between flash And crashing thunder Computer drone Overtaken by the sound Of pounding rain Distant thoughts The last ember Cools More wine He places an Afghan Around my shoulders Pilgrim counts Every second step Stone in shoe Trinitarian glasses Help both speaker and listeners To see more clearly Unmown grass In the cemetery Lighting bugs Flooded paddies Flating rice shoots Relentless rain A hundred thousand spectators Three laureates A moth Not breathing Japanese cranes Pausing in the snow Molten by a morning sun Frozen cranes take wing One by one Bamboo flute Remorseful notes flying To an absent moon Still smiling Water beads and drips Off Buddha's nose Dusk breeze Another birthday spent Viewing others Forest silence The cool green glow of lichen Wet with sunlit steam Old Village Moists enough For everyone Scranting leaves Her lovesong interupted By a sigh Autumn Trail The smell of something wild Lenders Thunder Slate sky Crocus peeking Kitchen encounter 'Very the wine' From his lips Summer sidewalk Drops of rain Steam Water bed Dreams Undulating "Against the glass Her palm prints Lonely Nude Beach About size And sighs On her nape Beacons of rain Slowly I follow them down Haiku conference Lecturer delivers address In three short sentences Haiku moment She writes her number On his napkin Mother and daughter Chess game Two queens [ snail mail] Delivered In the cold rain Dying afternoon light The doctor touches her Uncombed hair Winter solstice Candle too short For lingering night Just before dawn The bright moon Of the computer screen We talk in the street Surrounded by melting snow And mad rushing crowd midnight The changing wind In the silver maples Painting The dark side of the house Solstice Evening traffic Caught in a low moon The Heron's flight Under the Magnolia Red seeds float away November rain Distant thunder The smell of rain Before the storm November clouds Hearing of My sister's illness Old Pond After the frog The stillness Fresh cut lawn A dozen fireflies Inspector the job How thin the moon? The scent of lilacs Grows fainter Picking up his toys Still in my funeral clothes The very last time In the lap Of a stone Buddha Fresh snow In her eyes The end our date The moon The slow drift Sunbeam across An empty room Sunday morning Smells of French toast And cinnamon A lost dream Cellular phone On the night train The colour of wind Through pine trees Must be blue Cancer Ward A yellow woman Applys lipstick Lighthouse Above the sound Silence Mother daughter Lunch Storm and thunder "Bier quarrel" The lingering taste Of too many aspirin Dark lamp shade Squinting her eyes in low light To read your letter Tuesday, sunrise Splashing grains of sugar In my black tea Beautiful blue The pattern in your eyes Before death drained their color Beach House A bit of sand In my tea Pale legs Under a white moon Shivering aspen! Sad news The blur of reading Through tears Summer haze The thin gauze Of her white dress Failed copy The real iris bluer Than the photograph Bullfrog chorus One, a little louder Than the rest Moonless night A spoonful of darkness Simmering my tea What if? The flavor of burnt toast Is in the fallen seed? Christmas album Every year he wears The same flannel shirt Murmur of rain Hard to catch the words When he talks in his sleep Warm rain Smells of tar dirt And snails Winter morning This egg and me In the kitchen A gull gliding Out of the clouds shadow Suddenly white Fraternity Train A load of snow Going south The New Millenium Brought to my window Two new icycles Tonight's light rainfall Wraps me in soft silence On my short walk home New leaves Pattered by rain Cardinal song Chechnya Blackened bones and ashes Smouldering My dead mother's voice On the answering machine Again and again Summer Sunset The slow glide of a heron In shadows Young girls in fog The fleet movement of hands Fluffing tobacco Moon and mist Night settles into silence And white breath Too soon the darkness Your last words lingering In mist Spring Storm The grey dawn briefly Lumey A drop of ink Tadpoles wriggle On the water's surface a B52 Thunders over the bay Blue heron lifting Through the window Five minutes between projects Watching the pansies dancing? February The heartshaped tracks Of a moose Returning birds Three notes pass through Morning fog Dusky clouds A patch of blue Hangs over the valley Hazy afternoon The Woodpeckers call Bounces off the ice April A gulls cry passing Through morning snow Spring evening A long pause on the bridge To watch the water run Sunny afternoon The scent of leaf mold Mixed in the ice Water changing In ice The pale moon Flashing against The winter killed grass A Swans whiteness Water Lilys A leaping fish Catchs the light A twilight sun Between two peaks White lilacs Boardwalking The Dragonfly's shadow Drops through a crack Waiting! Dandelion fluff Lands on the table noon The morning clouds Roll from the valley Slowly A loon, Preens In the mountains, reflection First light The perfect symmetry Of a moth Distinct thunder A caterpillar drops From a ragged leaf Daybreak Ice between The river stones Locking it? Moonlight at the back Of the mailbox Silence The evening snow falls Onto Moss News of his death I can't stop looking At the sickle moon Slice of moon The scent of jasmine spills In thick darkness A bubble Bursts on surface Full moon Visiting the graves Stronger the October wind At my grandparents Porn shop The graying clerk reads Hegel Labor Day Another company cuts Health benefits Saturday night Someone vomit's beneath The blossoms Moonlit night Across the meadow My shadow grows New housing Hammer and Saw replace The doves coo False hope A film of oil carries Bent Rainbows downstream Wild Foehn Another murder Goes unsolved I rescue A mouse from the cat Burnt steak Memorial Day An old couple rereads The letter Seasons stilled A red paper poppy In memoriam Sipping more than Just tea The moon in passing Streetlight My shadow growing Dying Morning, Hague A mosquito above The Pond ice Unemployed But I'm writing haiku About the rain Waiting room Stars appear One by one A line of ants The Empire State Building In the distance Saw grass Bluebottles, teeming On a white skull Late afternoon The first cow Heads to the barn Creed Moon Just enough light For this path With each sip From the bottle Moonlight on my face Falled leaves Some stars shine In the sky Tube ride Someone else's iPod Is playing our tune? Hagel Storm The golfers run For cover Night, sax Dreams in B flat Summer rain Another me walks home Under me Flea market A still fly is part Of the old clock Summer rain Drops, descend the lily Leaf by leaf Summer rain Drinking tea to the cadence? Of falling leaves Warm afternoon A fly with nowhere To go No moisture Mother Earth's skin Has cracked Typing small, I Only because morning coffee Occupates my other hand Open window The sound of rain Interrupts my dream Underside Of the flower pot One hundred legs Coffee season Singing? From the trees Midday heat My eyes follow The swallow's flight Whale watching A distant cloud rains In the sea Right after Morning prayers Distinct thunder Surprise, sneeze The dandelion blows away Without a wish Summer grass My mother's Rice paper skin Laying in bed With dreams plucked From summer rain, just you Moonless night Remembering? Her small breasts Twilight Watching my shadow Float downriver Standing alone Under a double Rainbow Summer rain The missing scent Of Cologne Starry night Counting out my pills For chemo Summer solstice A flock of sandpiper splits And splits again The old log Moss grows around An obscene word First Roses Just enough heat to Solve the mosquitoes Start of a new season A book loaned To a new friend Old Park bench I touch our initials Each time I pass Fireflies competing With a full moon Summer solstice Museum So hot the mummy Sweats Speaking To her ashes Between summer moons Humid day Her Tshirt refuses To dry Day Moon Her skin a half Shade lighter Memories of her Whilst in a leftover? Cup of tea Washing my clothes? Somebody looks at me Creed Moon Cloudy day A penny shines On the sidewalk Morning twilight The rice field In her eyes Sunday morning Her shadow On a clothesline Harvest Moon A shadow Sorting laundry Passing dreams The night scented With laundry soap A cockroach In my rice bowl Unconscious of dawn Autumn, cool Wondering what an ant thinks? About after work In the clouds A fish I haven't Seems before Ah, crickets The neighbors ceased Playing Mahjong Summer rain The mountain sinks In a rice field High noon Fish in the Marketplace Gasping for water The stillness of A moth that didn't Reach the moon Peapers pressed Between pages of a book I never read Short night Thoughts of you and A paper thin moon Apartment Tower A new letter For the dead neighbor Summer breeze Someone practices drums In the valley No rain The sound of crunched (Grass) Enlightenment stones In the temple garden Summer heat Endangered summer Another beach boy's tune On the oldies station Sultry, twilight Pauses between birds singing Becoming longer Come morning Fish scales and the letter You didn't send Laborers sink In the rice field Autumn, dusk Lanternless night A woman too old To dream Morning, Hague A post office clerk Opening letters Wedding anniversary My parents ashes together In the moonlight Beer, garden table The blurred edges Of many circles Jury duty The clock pendulum goes Back and forth Lunchtime A dead cicada Surrounded by ants That fart Prayer fans All sermon long 20 million city Another street lamp In the night A line of traffic lights Change from red to green Summer full moon All night long on the veranda Drinking tea and talking About God and our new parrot Overcast The next door pianist Hits a sour note Indian Summer Ducks make their way From shade to shade Afternoon heat Bird song fades as I enter The tunnel Monsoon On the window, a leech climbs The Himalayas After the cloudburst Birdbath full Of sky again After the storm Puddles of water With rainbows Winter Beach I throw a stick For no dog Memories of you In rice field shadows September Moon Incoming tide Your breasts Rise and fall Humid morning Planting rice in a Field of mirrors Your reflection Whilst in a tea cup Too hot to drink Harvest Moon A new song in The rice field A laborer Sowing dreams In a field of stars Labor Day I dust of My resume Chemotherapy She always liked the way I kissed her hair Undulation Of a faded flag Autumn afternoon Train whistle Palm prints linger "Against the glass Day Moon A paper lantern floating Down river Kissing you Under a paper moon The stars Cool morning Your smile pasted on A coffee cup A monkey listens To his own breath Autumn rain Watching My wife's ashes float by Autumn Moon Temple looting Another Buddha Loses his head White Dawn A moon crab sinks back In sand Just staring At some autumn clouds A hot cup of tea Smell of rain In the open window No mosquito Autumn Wind A line of red traffic lights Becoming sunset [ subway window] She and her reflection Cry at the same time Pouring rain Yet another question Without an answer Graveside sermon ended The last leaves blown from A nearby tree 63 today Nothing from here to the horizon But fair weather clouds Daybreak Your kiss on the lip Of a coffee cup The full moon And a rice field Planted with stars Autumn deepens Memories fade into Misty clouds Autumn deepens The Crows chatter muffled By thick fog [ thicker dust] On a little Buddha Early autumn Street, cafe On the empty seats Falled leaves Dogs barking Perhaps I was a cat In other life A bluejay takes flight The neighbour's car Needs washing Fluffedup sparrows The air white with snowflakes Above the tar Antiwar demo Snowflakes melt On the horse's backside Eid's sale The Sikh shopkeeper Opens later than usual crowded bus Every passenger breathes The same autumn New yellow car Autumn leaves On the windscreen Bus window She travels with the full moon On her head The dragon Now, a cloud In my sky A mountain The stone, Buddha And cold food Hunter's Moon The end of the path Darker Crystal Night [Wiss of Rain] Outside [Wiss of Wind] Danced together under A harvest moon The fullness Of ripe melons This summer moon Summer leaves Remembering? Mother's dry skin Glass Tower The moon is part Of the West Fascilation First snowfall The dog's legs Have become shorter First snowfall Here is a Christmas card To be mailed last year At a desk I write This ku Waiting for you At the sidewalk cafe Half moon The rose hides The date of death On her grave Frosty Dawn The dog watches me Pack my bag Frosty meadow Another dawn Reaches across Between sips Reading a book About sake Her pianoplaying Comes to an end Sounds of autumn hail Tarn A bubble in The ice Snowflakes New asphalt In the holes Sunrise A view of the sky through A wormeaten leaf Rusting nail The coffinmaker Talks of Price Winter days end A bowl of brown rice, Miso Warm in the hands December warm spell The neighborhood snowmen Are all plastic? Low sun The lady in red On high heels Advent The passing stranger Farts Northern lights Steam rises From the coffee cup Autumn rain Refinery lights remind me Of Christmas Snow on red leaves So many coincidences In my life Frozen blueberries In a bowl of yogurt By the fireside Soccer Championship The Winter Moon On the stadium Christmas lights The silhouette of trees In the dark Winterscape A traffic sign in the snow Points to no way Serving coffee She asks if I take cream The curve of her wrist Chemo patient Suching inspiration In a bookstore A new cellphone So many people to talk to? Till the battery dies Talk of dying The mention of ranch land I have never seen Death watch I freshen the water Of her bedside, Iris Rainladen cedars My skin feels so moist today Duft of yellow rose On this dark grey day My thoughts wander to a pair Of blue Irises A bone scan today On the way, three birds on the Rose scented old path Hovering grey sky A small crack in the thick clouds Fishing boats come in Summer Sunset Your hand heavy On my knee Early summer Old women in the shade Of the bus shelter Desert wind Even the stones In unfamiliar colors The mixed calls Of courting birds Smell of damp earth The egg seller Her cracked hands Speak of winter High noon Young girls harvest Rice from a mirror Dwarf No clouds In the bird bath Dwarf Wweeds sprouting Near the sprinkler Tonight on my deck Setting sun the longest time Bring memories back Solstice After the last match The last call to prayer Desert wind Iron and copper flavor In my coffee Full moon night Starting the camp fire With a page of fashion magazine Thunder rolling Thinking of my daughter At the campsite Summer rain My umbrella Stays closed Summer morning The sound of wind chimes On every balcony This Dark and grey day A soft rain falling down on The heatdried roses Old barn The swallow's nests Long abandonned Desert Cemetery My sister in law Does not weep? Highway fog The honking of Geese Homeward bound Dark August sky The moon, an orange egg Her shadow trailing Doing the dishes? A tiny soap bubble rises Forget heaven Night of stars A white ball floats In the pool Cloudy day The horn Of a yellow cab Eerie moonlight Graveyard Of the rusted automobiles Indian summer First light Finds the tallest tree Late summer An inchworm Less than an inch Full moon Full ripe figs End of summer September 11th Stealing, slow, soft Rain Chrysanthamums The homeless girl pulls Her baby closer Riverside Promenade Seniors stroll through Falling leaves A koi rises To meet a falling leaf Autumn afternoon The taxi driver Tells me about his life Autumn rain Pigeons on wires He tunes his guitar Besides a pole Muezzins call A kite's silhouette Under orange clouds Muezzins call A onehorned cow pushes At the hotel gate Smoky moon A cricket's regular chirp Between the traffic noise Turn off the lights The night outside And inside the room Autumn cleaning A desk drawer Full of dry pens Flu season To kiss Or not to kiss Mountain Temple A prayer overgrown With Moss Autumn deepens A last sunray On the pines Misty morning A black and white world Behind the graves Upstairs swathed In neon the Smell of jasmine Lanternless night A whisper passing Through leaves A slower Moon this evening The cold Autumn depths A mole dreaming Of darkness Hot night After my bath The world seems cleaner Steaming tea Dusty cobwebs above The late owner's photo Lemon slice moon A kite glides past The palmyra palm Cycle cart The office chairs legs Point to the moon A kitten Will it too forget? It's first snow Fog moving in Another phone call Unreturned Winter rain Colder than ever This bowl of rice Harvest Moon In the heartland, her laughter Still fills the kitchen Autumn morning Neighborhood graffiti Has changed colors Hell A homeless man Wears a new garbage bag Overcast day I look at old pictures In black and white My morning train Delaysa seagull Flies above the tracks Autumn night A homeless man Has a pumpkin? She wears a purple blouse At sunset I order espresso October last Sunday Lost an hour Resetting an old clock Lightning at window The stopped train In the storm Windless day A man whistling On the street Traffic at night She talks about Cholotide Night of stars Moth's circle The street lamp Evening walk Acorn, shells, crunch In the silence Enough bus stop Autumn leaves swirl In the car's wake Packing up house Boxes of broken dreams Filling the dumpster The Budapest square Autumn leaves drift here and there On young protestors Twilight I direct a stranger To the wrong train Gale force wind Dandelion Seeds In ocean depth November winds The dog finds dead birds In the hedge Equinox Two limes In my margarita Veterans Day A frightened dog At the animal shelter First snow fall Covered with maple leaves At sunrise Subway heat The breeze Of the arriving train Traffic jam Another star appears In the sky Waiting for the bus My shadow Also changes postures Autumn deepens Dusting off an old Bottle of port Election results Low tide clams Spit seawater Humid morning Words dangle From her lips Humid night The darkness Between your thighs Cracking walnut There might be Another universe Morning rush Reading Walden On the subway Election day Revising the poem One more time Blackout Morning glories appear In the car's headlights Distinct temple drums Close by the sound of a dog Shaking itself A break in the clouds Spider webs and plastic bags Catch the morning light Moonless night Out on the island, someone Lays on the horn Morning rush A blonde With no lipstick Fifth Avenue station The sound of hoofs On the pavement Grey morning I check out a new Tanner salon A bartender Needs more olives The bridge lights turn on A dog patiently Waits for his plate Thanksgiving Day Black Friday So many turkeys? At the sales The harvest is over I hang the sickle Creed Moon November morning Counting the many Shades of grey Chilly morning Mountains topped with first snow Warm coffee cup Snow covered temple Lone woman in a red coat Kniels to pray anyway Indian Summer His voice in the fall Of the leaves Through the pulp mill smoke A long red line is showing Start of a sunrise The rushing river Full of the Summers Rainfall Monday dawn The silence Of traffic lights First, frost Only two passengers Speak Hague! Half the horse hidden Behind the house Autumn light In the silent glades Me and the gun Late fall The scent of rain In your hair Morning Paper Twice the colored ad inserts As the news Autumn Wind Another leaf flutters From the pile Cold winter day Hot tea from Kenya In my cup Bedtime Trying not to count Maimed solders Midwinter The coffee drinker Sips tea Still water The undercurrent In her voice Cold rain Thousands like me Going to work? Wedding anniversary Does he still love me? Like the red winter berries Cold Saturday night The barmaid puts sake In my green tea Beautiful winter dawn I ran out of Jasmine tea Strange faces are out This Saturday night The moon Early morning Last night, Stardust Is on the lilacs? Morning, Hague I keep recounting How many Santas? Morning commute The silence Of end of the year stress Overcast morning Not enough sugar In the rice pudding The full December moon He counts his birthdays Snow on the temple The Advent wreath Candles lighting the dim room His old eyes shinning Slow afternoon The rain changes To drizzle Now what? The papaya tree has reached The cement awning Past midnight And a dripping tap A man's voice somewhere Neon light The leaves of the bush Almost black Wedding band Smoke from the fireworks Dissolves against the stars Halfempty train The handhold's sway In Unison Making pancakes Between whispers Morning, mist crowded train The drunk offers me his seat For five dollars The trainyard at dawn New graffiti On an old caboose Freeze warning Light from the arc welder Brightens the night Freeze warning The need to pee Once we hit traffic Freeze warning Just enough change For coffee Freeze warning From the end of the bar She looks back Freeze warning A couple of homeless guys Feeting seagulls Examinations Blank sheets as students Observe the falling leaves Martial Moon The staccato of high heels At rush hour Swinging my husbands? Homemade wine Autumn evening Sticked in traffic Dreaming of the Monsoon In a faraway land At the window The drumming of rain I catch up on sleep This morning, the sun A fried egg on a plate Of blue China Christmas morning Grandpa explains that Yoyos Don't need batteries Paper Moon Falling off almost This argument of mine Winter twilight She studies the face In her mirror Winter rain She places his flowers In the secondbest vase Winter in town The stone memorial of the God of Water Winter morning A few dewdrops on My last rose Winter sunshine The many shadows of A small camellia One week before Christmas A threelegged dog Sniffs the trash Voices In the cemetery Remembrance Day Starry fireworks A smoke cloud Drifts past Orion Night walk I slow down Near the Jasmine bush Beware Of Dog sign The bright pink tongue Of the puppy Cold sky After my friend's cremation I water the garden A cricket falls silent The clock's slow ticking Goes on Morning, mist The sun does not reach The side lane Hospital room The empty chair takes All the sunshine My friend's ashes Heavyweight than I expected Winter wind Home for a visit The sound of rain On the river Low mass The old priest believes More than he remembers New Year's Party The divorced couple Leaves together Enough square No more Christmas lights New year light Dust of one day On the keyboard Under the snowpack The garden, Buddha Still keeps his smile Lights of the ferry Leave the island of Cedars In deep dark shadow Slipping in Under the kitchen door First, sunlight Stars falling From the sky Autumn Moon Gloomy afternoon A red haired woman Smiles at me Snipping on Blue corn chips Moonless night At a general statue A dog salutes By raising its leg Bad news from home The cold morning Colder still January walk Santa Claus and a flag In a neighbor's window Mandarin Ducks A silent pair on The dinner table Trash can Flies And shadows of flies Traffic jam Women talk about men In the radio Aversed car accumulated leaves On the windshield Slightly rain Falled candies On the sidewalk Late train All the highlighted passages In his Bible Rumble of thunder The Hawklike Flight Of the pigeon Sifting shadows With remnants Of rain Halfmoon First day of the sales In Oxford Street Winter morning Too many men Wearing grey suits? [cold night]I pass the statue Of a man wearing A winter coat February First A sun ray dances On her cell phone Extreme cold weather The stars shine More brightly Very cold day A stuffed bear Stays under the bed covers The price of tortillas Goes up Let them eat ethanol Soft spoken Her jewelry and music Are heavy metal? Blizard! Too much powdered sugar Even for Valentine Day Evening news The burden of snow On my son's balcony Factory wall The smell of A new graffiti Half yellow moon Workers talk about Tornados Valentine's day The heart balloon Don't enters the taxi While making love The last icicle Falls Deep winter A stray dog sniffs An empty coffee cup Advanced Parkinsonism She wipes his dribbling saliva Remembers his kisses Wiping his eyes Before the lights come up Sad movie Winter sunset Shadows of branches Climb the fire escape Waiting for the bus At the end of the street Sunset Warm winter day The smell of A new book Keep an eye open For food, gas and tenyearold An amber alert Morning stillness A crow, finally Flies away Fat Tuesday An ice cream truck Parks on melting snow Ash Wednesday No line At the Halal Food Cart She speaks English With a Provence accent I order a glass of ros On a fire hydrant I tie my shoesbehind me A dog waits its turn Refrigerator magnet Snack after snack wasting away Long trip At the end of highway The moon Cityscape The moon rises From a chimney Gibbou's moon The baby stirs In her belly Spring Storm The tall pine leans Toward the short Rosebuds in snow The softness of his hand On my shoulder Spring Storm The wind rings our Visitors, bell All the snow melted She wears her Angiora sweater Early March New graffiti shaped like a tulip A silent movie The audience Keeps on talking Morning rush Light At the end of the tunnel Foggy day I visit The Turkish baths A hawk flies high Traffic crawls On the highway The Ides of March A cat has passed Nine dogs March A broken umbrella Crosses the street Ides of March Her letter to him Pain in his heart Another Explosion In Baghdad A movement of deer In twilight Suddenly, spring Almost full moon Knowing what's for dinner? I still check it out Same moon Same song Another cricket Warm Spring night A setting moon Takes its time Spring break Colorful tents In the desert Spring in the air The stone path to the mailbox Well polished Sound of the rain After a while She calls my name Window pane At the end of my finger The cold moon War in Iraq A spider hides In the cherry blossom Blue Mountains The old tombstone Keeps watch Downpours On Tax Day But for me, no refunds Heavy Spring rain In a bar, the beer Runs like rivers Morning rain Umbrellas Go to work Wearing a white mask? Because of the pollution A day, moon Good Friday My neighbor prays In a mosque Gloomy day A blind man passes A blooming cherry tree War news I wash the ink From my fingers Rainy night A light in The bookstore window Monday morning A white butterfly follows The train line After the quake A leaf falls On the patio Waiting for the bus A street dog sniffs My shadow Spring changes I clean rust off the latch Of an old desire Snow glare (Orange bulbs) sprouting From the bag Spring, dark clouds My barber asks If I want all the grey out Warm Spring night Her cleavage glistens Under a crescent moon Blue sky A cleaning lady takes The morning train home Sunrise The purple buds In her flat garden Cold and dark Spring day A dead squirrel In a tree pit Morning rush The usual Black Knights Late spring The old kettle Still shines Silent night The fog thick At every window Late night traffic The swirl of leaves after The last bus He's a stop and go Christopher Columbus in Your Ford Explorer Brooklyn Bridge, Gateway Bombsquad found a stray backpack Homeland traffic jam Confucius Another long path To the old pond Morning, Hague She's still wearing Her Chiffon nightgown A baby fly Has not found yet The kitchenSpring A bright Spring day Some graffiti Looks bigger than before Mother's Day Something sexy For his wife Full moon The bride tells me It was forced Breathing deeply That smell of woodyards In the rain Lightning Far away in the sky First, firefly Summer in the temple The horns of the dragon Just visible Hurricane season started My neighbor buys A hybrid car A cool breeze Finally She says something An ice cream truck Stands on Fifth Avenue It tastes the same Sleepless night The whistle of a distant train Going where? Parting The clatter of train tracks In dark Outside the wall Around the cemetery Long grass Mown field Long lines of stems Nameless Listening to a sermon? On Saturday night No mention of hell The UN tower All the windows Have the same color Memorial Day Starts Iraqs (sorching) Summer May rain Ever more sparkling Shades of green Spring rain Between she and me Hundreds of drops Old chestnut tree White candles sway Spring wind Atlanta traffic Easy to see why, Sherman Burned this city down A hundred streets named Peachtree, no wonder sherman Burned this city down I saw that finger Yes, you in the Intrepid We shall meet again Distinct thunder A businessman talking On cell phone Cool breeze The cicadas Sing louder Summer Solstice An air conditioner drips On my neck End of the month No bread left over To feed the sparrows Summer carnival A flat chested woman Enters the wrong rest room Grey day The mailman passes me With no, have a nice day Summer A tree's luscious green Covers the walk signal Late night Fireflies rise up In the cemetery Brilliant blue sky I finally washed My windows Slightly shower Cursing the umbrella He left at home A moth flutters Over the candle flame Damned idiot July dawn The pier is littered With beer bottles Old couple view A distant lighthouse July moonless night Fourth of July Another day At Guantanamo Bay Independence Day An illegal immigrant Serves me a meal The long days of Summer I start reading Marcel Proust again Hot day She writes a haiku In minimal clothes Old Temple But all my prayers Are new? Murmurings In the old temple Summer wind Summer haze The Nude Beach Is empty? Happy hour She tells the bartender She lost her wedding ring Dark August clouds Looking up Hiroshima On the map Morning fog Listening To minimalist music Madison Square Park Live folk music No one wears red suspenders Making love Passionately, all night The sounds of traffic Waiting for you The changeful rhythm Of the rain Airport gate The undetected poison Of your words Where do I? Put the accent Hiroshima Brookside Whales are roaring In a poem I read Back to school The sun lights The orange juice Distinct hurricane In the middle of the rain A phone rings Kumquats with Russian tea Then slowly I undress Ellen In the Hyacinth Garden I sneak a kiss Between Jimmy's lips Hurricane Warning The wildflowers Without butterflies Cutting up red pepper For the salad A drop of blood She ties her grey hair In a bun August blue sky Cold in August A pigeon retracts It's neck Eating chicken? The Wishbone so small I wish better weather The remnants Of a hurricane, arrive And his mother,inlaw arguing with my neighbor Across the fence A sparrow changes sides Rain on the lake Turning down The volume Rush hour One leaf's journey To the ground Labor Day A migrant worker sells American flags Hot afternoon She's lost in her book I in her dcollet Hot September day Obsolute man stands By ice cream truck A street artist Soon finished the skyline September fog A night of fireflies And cricket song The end of summer In the back, alley Schoolkids puffing away In the shadow of a chimney September rain Unsure of any pain A peach falls Autumn, mist What is she doing now? My mother Rainstorm Guest's huddle with candles Waiting for dinner After an hour of rain The crickets All seem happy Fall equinox Another day In the 90s Globalization He serves the sushi fish On French bread Above the cemetery Laser beams from the disco A calm cricket chirp Duskcrescent moon Amongst dark clouds I light more candles A bride walks up The steps of a church September blue sky Morning, Hague Her bubble bath Is ready? Madison square Park I watch the moon Through an American Elm Dry late September day The sun shines On her freckles The UN General Assembly meets All the doves left town Blue sky Outside a clinic A nurse takes a smoke break Overnight Through an office window The Harvest Moon Harvest Moon Rose Garden Has lost its colors Summer's end My cat still high On the hot tin roof Autumn with Alzheimer She breaks the bread Carefully Indian reservation Too few home owners For a subprime crisis Sunset A balloon moves up Till it disappears crowded subway He gives his girl friend A long kiss Overcast sky He hands out fliers For a tanning salon Morning stillness The cat watches A butterfly October sunset Have to go to the kitchen Window to view it (Screen) October downpour Her cigarette Got wet October cold wind Her yellow skirt Rises Going out she hides Her wedding band Creed Moon Chatter of joggers The heron and I Motionless Door slam The rumble of thunder [Lighter] Attractive Even in red An oak leaf Cold rain Lavender neon surrounds A sex shop window Twentyfourseven An empty laundromat At dawn Summer's end Under a lamp on the path A moth's dying Summer's end Their chirping slows down "Dear cicadas" Enough room The shadows of nails On the walls Humid morning A bee floats In the fountain Autumn flowers Old men at the park Taking the sun Late October warmth A witch Smiles at me Dark clouds at sunset My neighbor Lights up his pumpkin The flu shot My last time Mother held my hand Autumn evening The lingering warmth Of this old deck chair Autumn colors I remember mothers Favorite quilt Night shift A quick break To look at the stars Madison Square Park Cold wind makes it Harder to day dream Putting diamonds On the heads of rusty nails First, frost Veterans Day Smart people Start wars Our dusty truck An Amish man walks barefoot Across the village, green Tonight's quake Trees without leaves At sunshine Failing light The ash tree Heavy with birds Day Moon The clock has stopped [Ticking] Christmas shopping I forgot Her present size Wrong address The doorman wears A diamond earing Waiting for dawn I put milk In my coffee She has a twinkle In her eyes I order more oysters Morning, Hague I watch High definition TV Thanksgiving Day A rat awaits Arriving of the garbage Black Friday Starts at midnight A long line to buy bagels Thanksgiving leftovers A harvest moon Wrapped with clouds Geometry lesson Day Moon Next to a contrail Whistling kettle Snowflakes In the wind Gloomy day The Christmas lights Shine brighter Morning fog The graffiti Looks subtle Walking in first snow storm No one In a hurry Fresh snow The new neighbors With all the porch lights on First cold snap All the quilts Still at the cleaners Falling snow She brings his urn closer To the window Strong wind An inflatable Santa Decides to fly back north Thai restaurant Christmas songs Only in the kitchen Election results The muezzins call Like a lament Arizona Road stop, rest the dog sniffs Yellow snow First snow A dusting of flour In the cake pans New Year's Day There is rice On the sidewalk Blue sky Who cares how white? Her satin dress is Through the fog A few spots of red First Robin's Winter day All those nude statues In the park Winter blackout All the house Full of night Clear sky An old man sweeps Falled leaves Avalanche Warning How very still? This winter night Packing up the creche One of the wise men Is missing? Cold Moon A carriage horse trots Up Sixth Cold Moon The glitter of city lights In the river Thin crescent She closes The curtains Harvest Moon The sound of women [Pounding Rice] Winter evening A teacup of mint And moon Half moon On the river, the sound Of cracking ice Steam billows From the cooling tower Sunrise Blue sky White Lilies stick out Of a garbage bag Sunrise New graffiti In black and white Winter pears Eating around The bruises Winter darkness Last train runs In the tunnel Stricting tea No more or less Of the thin snow Police watch the crowds At children's carnival The horse's teeth Long winter night After chapter six The tea is cold Ash Wednesday This is the year He'll quit Thin crescent I wonder what? She meant by that Election day A butterfly about to settle On the seesaw New moon My sister's voice After all this time Meteor shower In the cold, our gasps Becoming visible Ice moon A berry branch Forced into bloom Rainy night The clicks of high heels Behind me For the new year A temple nun Washe's Buddha? A construction site On a Winter day Got sand in my shoes 'Sale on a pier He plays the trombone Winter sunset Smell of seaweed Drifts into the cemetery I walk alone In the cemetary Around his headstone First snowdrops A slow walk To the cemetery Memory of blue Irises Rushing to work Seeing frozen new leaves? On the Rose Bush In the Noname vine Bluebirds At the red berries Cold sea And warm air merge Fog horns Snow At dawn No more milk Windy day The Mailman Arrives early Holding the binoculars In her handsshe has More rings than Saturn Morning prayers The graves of the ancestors In deep silence Traffic jam Moon passes through The Earth's shadow Guest room The silence of the moon At the window Sleepless night Full moon has arrived To other window Journeys end Far off in the blue distance Dark clouds Quiet Lake The only sound A jumping fish Deadend Road At the edge of the field A newborn calf Home alone The cold Of an autumn rain Wooted grave The rich scent of roses So red Woodsmoke and fog Along the river bank Three trails meet Searchers call The Lost Child's Name Streetlamps veiled with rain Gentle breaths The windows Frost etchings Spike year The old man's cane Also left its tracks Wild life A fly crosses In front of the TV Harrious snow A corpse At the dam Spring first day She wears No, bra Full moon The barmaid kisses me On the cheek Mill Row Every door A different color Old Mill Town Each company house A carbon copy An old woman With a lost look in her eyes Refrigerated wind Darkened Church She teaches her grandchild To light a candle If you really love America hang that flag On a bicycle Tax Day The sun shines On a house for sale Blue sky Her windows are all Fogged up New driver My bus arrives On time Foggy day The rest of this Is at present not available? Sunny Spring day At the corner store Firemen, buy charcoal Dawn A pile of black trash bags Wait for pick up Early spring Palette of fertilizer On the loading dock Spring sun The Yellow House Just painted Deep April snow Robin's fight over Dryed up crab apples Spring rain After Dear Ed The paper still blank Tornado Alley The debris includes Relative signs Her blond hair shines Over her business suit Full moon at dusk The price of rice Goes up I start hoarding sake Foggy morning She wipes the dust Off her portrait Blue sky My neighbor tells Another big fish story Overcast Sunday The lilacs Remind me of last night Spring rain I sit looking Out the window Spring Trek A rusted snowplow At road's end Sweet basil Dry snail tracks, crisscross The window box Untwisting The rose bud Spring rain Main Street A red pickup cruises The spring rain Traffic jam A flight of Geese Across the highway First light An unknown bird sings me awake Japanese garden The pouring rain On the stone, Buddha Night watch The ex boyfriend's house On Google Earth Spring cleaning today Dead ladybug on the window Memory of lost love Sound of the rain Penetrating my sleep At dawn I5 corridor Microsofties creep to work Slowly in nice cars Red light The bus driver reads His horoscope Flag pin In the salesman's lapel Memorial Day The soft patter Of a computer keyboard Midnight solitude Meditating On a rainy day New green tea Spring warms up Tattoos Not just on the arms Hearing the call for prayer As I pass a mosque Spring sunset Wind swept cold rain Truck makes stops To deliver bottled water Sunset traffic Slowly down the hill In darkness At the crossroads No wind to give A direction The coming rain Bird calls echo Along the creek Nobody's here Only a cricket guards The alpine hut Long lasting rain The dogrose petals clung To the pavement (simply) Spring showers Her mascara Runs Tough bar She just returned From Iraq Low tide She's on seaweed Diet Memorial Day Waiting for George Bush To leave office High summer The sounds and smells Of a traveling fair Aversed house Children picking mangoes In the yard June rain stopped A drunk waters some more The lilacs Morning, Hague An exhibitionist keeps The curtains closed Moth's fluttering In the paper lantern A shadow play Summer solstice The smoke of bonfires Hill after hill Sunrise A black woman in purple dress Glares at me A man at the beach, yells I need oil to drive home Late June sunset Sunrise Heavy dust on my copy Of Paradise Lost Looking for fireflies? I almost miss The dramatic night sky Assisi sunset Pilgrims gather At a gift shop City Sunset He buys her A rose Darkening trees The steady shrilling Of cicadas Sleepless night A square of moonlight Crosses the room Willow, scent A kingfisher hangs In the air Desert heat Smiles along the narrow road To the deep north A float plane Divides the Canada geese Summer stillness Walltowall clouds And the hum of flies Summer dust Starry night One firefly After another Summer crowded subway The smell Of Sardines She wears tight blue jeans And hijab July Fourth July Fourth fireworks I stand next to An Iraqi refugee Between the mist And the edge of the forest A white buffalo Cochrane, Alberta Coyotes, howling in the night Honking geese at dawn Like Custer's bugler You sound the charge, Remember? The Little Big Horn My train is late I watch a cockroach Going home Dawn A line waits outside The Dialysis Center Morning Smell coffee from house Of difficult neighbor Morning, Hague She asks Who picked our lilacs? On the clothesline His and her shirts Side by side again Summer heat The cat's sleep On the barbeque Rummage Sale Her husband in the chair Not worth keeping Garage sale The flowered couch on which? I became a woman Dawn A Coca Cola sign Turns off August blue sky A Chinese dragon Futig Summer thunderstorms A surfer puts his board On his head Meteor shower Cricket's occupied By its song Watching Perseids A moth makes noise On the porch Late night rain The crickets finally Silent Nothing In our bedroom But moonlight Spring cleaning A family of raccoons Empties the goldfish pond Campfire embers One firefly Lights our tent Twilight In the Chinese lantern A glowworm My Ford Explorer On a neverending quest For a parking spot Overturned boat Drawn high on the shore Drumming of rain In the shade Of the full moon Distinct fireworks Hot August night She stands Staring out of her window Dawn The smell of watermelon From last night garbage Early morning A yogi pisses In a drinking glass Stormwaters All day long Broken promises Hot chocolate The scent stronger This cold night High autumn sky In the world of men Voices of insects Autumn deepens These tiny pink flowers On my wildest weeds September, Eleven I remember to fix Lock of my backdoor A long weekend I ran out Of chocolate Harvest days A fat toad Leaves the garden September sunset A dead leaf At my feet I rush to buy Her birthday present Creed Moon Autumn downpour I stand under the canopy Of a house for sale Evening fog I watch my neighbor Smoke his waterpipe Blue sky Changes to Grey Paul Newman dies Madison Square Park Why are bankers? Looking down Autumn, Equinox The murmur of waves Slowly changes Fall equinox A black squirrel running On the power line Autumn, Equinox Fox's eyes shining In the twilight Crossroads Each O in stop Has bullet holes? Motherinlaw's face On the biggest pumpkin Harvest Moon Harvest Moon The bigger pumpkin Waits for a face Blue sky No liquidity At the banks Clear October night The smell Of cinnamon Very dry night A half moon Almost moving Autumn courtyard As leaves fall Algebra grows Autumn leaves The Harvest Moon Fades Independence Day After the rainy morning A sunny afternoon Black cat tries to Open a garbage bag Moonless night Cold morning The bus has no heat She knits a sweater Late October wind Her blond hair flies Along with the leaves October night Who cares how stocks did? Creed Moon Windy night A witch walks home Halloween nears As I walk On wet Autumn leaves A poster of McCain Seven miles per gallon Bush, thanks you for Supporting the Iraq war November night The smell of burning leaves And marshmallows Quiet Sunday A winter fly Too slow to kill Old photo I recognize My father's silence Hard times The car salesmans Missing tooth Saturday night A carriage horse Flush's with another Dawn Waiting for the light At the end of the tunnel Armistice Day I buy More Euros The crunch of Autumn leaves As I pass A dentures shop November, drizzle I turn off The Zen music "D daylight saving time ends" The cat wakes me An hour early Crystallous sky The pioneers left no clue Which trail to take? Creed Moon A new path To scatter seeds First, frost I feed The aquarium fish Dawn A drunk pisses On today's newspaper Gas station A GM car Needs a push Late November farm A turkey looks Well fed Her winter night gown Suddenly opens Creed Moon Saturday night She wears her red high heels Christmas nears The recession The sun sets behind Citibank skyscraper My watch stopped I ask a beggar What time it is? Morning, Hague Wall Street has Disappeared Thanksgiving day Walking past Enough houses Sunday morning fog My neighbor's wife Is naked? Young Lake Ice sings A tune more ancient Than footprints Dawn Last year, Dust On the Christmas ornaments First snow Bride walks out Of a church Back home I wipe her lipstick off my cheek A half moon Cold morning A cockroach warms up Under my coffee cup The age I used to call old Winter solstice Sunset I turn off The Christmas lights Snow in the forecast My neighbors, husky Wags his tail Fresh snow The graffiti looks Dirtyier Winter sunshine The slow growth of a stone Shadow New fire old coals In the old stove New Year Overcast night Maybe the stars burn brightly Over Gaza Winter night Too many stars Above Gaza The Holy Land No heat, no food, no water [craters] First sunrise A fallen camellia Shines on my path Natural rhythms Moons and tides supplanted by Yellow, red and green Dawn A Christmas tree Sticks out of the garbage The recession My neighbor puts Another lock on his door Cloudy January A white plastic bag On a leafless tree Clever night I ask If I can sleep with her Giant moon! The bark of a dog echos Over the fence Driving towards Crematorium along The frozen road Giant moon! All neighborhoods share The same yard light Remembering you? The sparkle of the last icicle Lonesome train whistle Suddenly, Grandpas, mind Becoming sharp again January warms up My neighbor walks In her underwear Sunset As I walk on thin ice I remember her February chill A punctured heart balloon Bright red in the dust Spring blossoms The old farmer Coughs, blood Winter sunset Half of my Buddha Still in the light Garden Buddha Morning rain washes away The snow A cockroach climbs the wall Charles Darwin is today Two hundred Dealing Moon The old man's laughter Turns to coughing President's weekend All that dirty laundry Sorted by mothers Desert Highway In the rear view mirror Blue flashing lights Another spring I revise My death poem Winter break I hope I'll be home For the crocuses A vagabond on the bench Covered with a nude girl On the newspaper Funeral procession Of the friend passes The Crocus field Playing bowls Playing at cards? Old warriors Late night, drizzle She carries her belongings In a kid's cart The night watchman Almost closes his eyes [Wanging] Crescent Windy night A smoker finds shelter Behind a garbage truck It starts to snow The cat wants The milk warmed Blue sky Dew drops on the cover Of the garbage can Snow flurries A blue Jay's feather Clings to the yard This road No one goes down it Autumn evening Frozen Pond The moon trapped In a crack [ thick river ice] His message in a bottle Hasn't moved an inch Early March snowstorm His kite hangs from the ceiling Gathers dust Summer traffic Four cars, a tractor And the full moon Signal station A woodpecker taps In the dusk Late snow A pheasant calls In the morning, mist Ides of March Anyone remembers? The history teacher Waiting for a blizzard to come The bar tender ran out Of white rum She puts the pads In her bra A half moon East River, nice day A used condom On a pile of dirty snow Morning fog The new graffiti is Minimal Parking for lovers Many crocuses between The wheels traces Spring sunshine On the cat's belly Mountain Hermitage Church ruins The grace Of a butterfly Spring drizzle The sound of high heels Behind me Clear day I view Citibank skyscraper But where is the aura? Second, Martini I like the way she asks me If I Twitter My first bite Of Persimmon A trace of Shiki Holy Week She teaches her grandchild To light a candle Prairie roads In ditches full of snowmelt Moons float Winter's end My warm socks With big holes Passover Moon Through the bare branches Spring drizzle A newly homeless man Views an abandoned house Sunday morning, blue sky I need more AlkaSeltzer Rainy day I bet the barmaid I can guess her age A little girl blows Bubble gum Cherry trees blossom A sign on the door Our sun tanning machines Are solar? Lonely Spring Saturday I look at the graffiti For a haiku Waiting for the moon Before departing Ducks on the roof First light After the car alarm Birdsong Opening fishing Fancy lures Catch branches too Small town The welcome wagon Slowly rusts away Spring morning Finding an old flame On Facebook Honeysuckle breeze Someone honks when The light turns green Petalstrewn Earth A mynah hops into A patch of sunlight Over night trash The smell of Acetone breath April warms up The cat has A new friend Sunday morning, haze She wants Her coffee spiced Spring in the park Two homeless men play poker For empty cans Obama's news conference I turn off Mozart Aprilcot blossoms The birth of our first Grandmother Blades of grass Between the flagstones Easter afternoon Monday, moon The bent backs Of rice farmers April overcast My son turns twenty In Iraq Cold May moon The long road stretches Out of sight Dexterous fog A blind man crosses The street alone Friday afternoon downpour A beer truck stops To unload Rainy May Sunday At a bus stop An empty can of beer Morning, mist She takes off her eyeglasses To see me better Cold rainy day Cherry blossom petals Carpet the sidewalk Still, no sunshine I eat An orange The sound of women Chuchotant Moonless night Morning fog More talk about more Pictures of detainees torture Afternoon dense fog The barmaid gives me Another for the road Powlonia blossoms A haiku floating In the sky A centipede Takes its morning walk Ah, my kitchen table Returning chill Dissonate melodies From the ice cream truck May clouds New names and dates In the family book Hudson River cool breeze So many men? Go topless Late night She shows me her garden I taste her tomatoes Blue sky As if last night fireworks Never happened Kids fight a gun battle In the swimming pool Memorial Day Ozone level too high A woman wears nothing Under her skirt Sunset The sound of people singing As I pass a church East River green waters A friend gives me a sip Of his absin'the From a mirror Pale blue eyes stare knowingly The snow will deepen Raindrops, plop In my coffee cup Summer rain Portage Trail Voyages walked where I walk Ancient granite Autumn chill Dying to remember? My father's voice September Rays My son's shadow Longens Autumn Lake Halfhidden by drifting leaves A carp's bronzen flanks Raining Last night's baked chicken Tonight's curried soup First, firefly A quiet night and then Lightning No fireflies Moonlight reflects On Camellia leaves The backyard Of a poor man's home Summer heat More rain Lavender leans On the stone Buddha Dinner outside The crumbs walk along The brick wall A tiny world Deplodes and thrives Summer rain The dance of Echoes inside a crypt Winter chill Autumn, Equinox All the crows celebrating With grave offerings Moonlight On the temple roof And silence Autumn chill The mausoleum covered With sparrows Autumn chill The chalkboard screeches At her touch First, firefly She asks me to repeat What I just said Peapers in the wind My neighbors practice Tai Chi In the parking lot Heavy, steady rain Through windows through wet trees The lake in the rain Heavy, steady rain Back pain Skipped Friday prayer One small step I trace my toe in sand Dream of lunar dust At dusk The sweetness Of the roses Autumn chill A faint rainbow In the shower Roosting egrets The lake's silence settles On everything [Naked light bulb] The rain on the leaves Not so audible Another year The inscription hard to read With all the grass The recession More nude entertainment bars Open A June downpour takes a break I go out to buy More water Morning fog Too much steamed milk In my espresso New York Unlike a church, a mosque Both have their doors open Morning fog She wears sunglasses In the subway Late June crowded subway But no one has A sun tan Saturday night, rain A couple eye the lobsters In a water tank June sunset When we wake up How many died in Iran? Lunch hour A long line of women At the ice cream cart Upper East Side Their graffiti Is cooler? June morning A line of ants At the subway entrance Summer moonless night In the light of fireflies We kiss A beach downpour They come out of the ocean In a shower Late night on the beach The only light on Is that of the lighthouse? Beautiful weather On July Fourth In God, we trust Central Park, green house gases A carriage horse shits As he passes me Cool July day The ice cream man Goes for a coffee break Sunday, blue sky A kid comes out Of confession Starless night A fisherman talks To himself Morning fog A beggar wears An orange coat Easism of the sun Monks in orange Prayer Hot July night My neighbor opens Her curtains Morning fog Graffit artists are Busy working Blue sky The smell of Suntan lotion Hiroshima Day The reason why? We must keep talking An octopus spills It's ink Clouds at sunset August heat An ice cream truck Ran out of gas Blue sky August dust On the radiator Morning, Hague I postpone Cleaning my windows Morning fog A street artist Draws with charcoal September Eleven morning In a coffee shop The silence Morning train Everyone is On the same page Columbus Day The UPS guy knocks On the wrong door October dead leaves A witch passes me Hat less Claude Levi Strauss dies A florist has Wild, forgetmenots Autumn chill Time for a hot bowl Of chili Grey sky A monarch butterfly Lost in autumn At the lawn concert Lighting one spot at a time Fireflies Cricket in the house If only we shared The same bedtime Early autumn The sound of falling water Is cold? Between the drone Of lawnmowers A scent of rain Taiko drummers Listening to silence Between the beats No moon, no stars Just dull light from the city Summer haze Lost On Wildwood Road Water lilies directionless Suddenly The toads go quiet Rain begins Long dry grass Bristles underfoot Iced tea Firecrackers Far off in the distance Pepper on my tongue What day is this? The metronome gathers dust In the corner 4th of July Hotter than A firecracker No work today A carpenter ant wanders Aimlessly Garage sale Customers discuss Philosophical Garage sale Tales of power For half price City Sunrise These old buildings Cast long shadows Evening thunder A homeless man Comforts his dog Dusty Knickknacks Mother's whole life On one shelf October wind Scranting cobwebs From the wood pile Autumn, melancholy The click of Mahjong Tiles From the computer Those stars No more fish In the bay Midsummer morning The boat's gentle tug At the anchor Dusty Knickknacks I try to recall The scent of burning leaves Evening shadows On the walls of the Alamo Graffition Dark days of winter At my office window I watch the sunrise Midwinter, dusk Oak branches fracture The western sky Cloudburst The last nail hammered In the rain Snow falling On the headstones Just and unjust wars Long drive home "Grass poking through" Fresh, fallen snow "Bloomy cold" Even the Christmas lights Seem to shiver December rain A phone call From my son December rain A deer tail And then nothing Dark days of winter The flat screen Christmas Yule Log Burns bright in HD Dark days of winter Another mailbox loses To the snowplow Christmas night The little corner store Last to close November Sun Leaning on the old stone wall A shadow tree Winter solstice The pink tongue of a cat Lapping at Snowmelt War Memorial Snow has almost covered The poppy wreaths Dark days of winter The dentist explains his Payment plans New age Luddite He buys a dozen Paperback books Blue Moon I wonder where my children Are tonight? The graveyard Our icy shortcut Through the winter fog Icebleak No colour, but the rail bridge Graffition Still life At the lake's edge, a tree's reflection Caught in the ice Taking a bite From a bitter orange January, thaw Day Moon The distance between us Full of silence The new year A homeless man Has a new sign? An old woman asks For directions to a bar Winter Martin Luther King Day Obama is busy At work I turn off my cell Creed Moon Over the skyline As the train passes Graffit murals Sunset paints the sky red As I pass her boyfriend's house A full moon Winter's chill Autumn rain The warmth of one too many Glasses of wine Wolf Moon The dog Won't come in? Despite the day's heat Mum's tombstone So cold Again this year The windsown poppies Flower between stones Last of his line The year of his death Still uncarved Hard frost Deep in my coat pocket Summer seaglass That same music Again and again Winter rain ( pastry shop) So many candy smiles Around me Sleet ticking windows The chemo drip In its last hour Mid February The first Garden Seeds display At the hardware store Early sign of spring Snow shovels become Halfpriced sale items Morning snow I tell my barber do something About my gray hairs Morning fog The subway is full Of steaming spirits Superbowl Sunday No smell Of cooking Blizard! The bars are crowded But the subway is empty The cat starts To have an attitude The year of the tiger Withered roses A bald woman waits For the taxi Coffee buzz Snow in the forecast Somewhere else? Moonless night An ambulance speeds by With its lights out Moonless night An empty can Of whipped cream Moonless night Pulling the dog? From shadow to shadow Too wired to sleep Too tired to dream Winter wind crowded train Her perfect lips Pierced The winter sun In the cancer ward A quiet old couple From one year To another The same moon icicles melting Another drunk pisses In my alley Somewhere Behind the old barn End of the Rainbow My grandfather's sword The impenetrable silence Of falling snow Dubious afternoon Even the fresh snow Is tinted grey? Old plum tree in Bossom Last year, the old owner Died March warms up The barmaid opens Another button on her skirt Going out of business The naked Mannequins Mardi Gras beads A line of coal cars Viewed from the railroad bridge Returning chill Awake! Smell of rain Two new haiga First day of Spring Two sweethearts kiss Under a leafless tree She closes her Bathroom curtains A setting full moon Dark spring morning Busy conversation of birds Awakens interest Morning sunshine, bright Chases all worry from cancer Operation Success Dancing in the yard Rows of tidy daffodils Oh, so very yellow A new month Different seeds On the Spanish's ears Winter rain The sheets where she slept Grow colder How black? Drough on the last patch Of snow Rainy day I finally finished The Spring Saijiki Computer crash I wish I were This butterfly My daily bread On the empty table Spring, equinox Faded postcard The Nagasaki temple Then Summer heat Kimono hung on the wall Billows from the fan Afternoon heat Tandemon Damselflies Bask on a reed Silver Dawn Slug traces iridesce On the garden path Sweltering stillness The nurse flicks a bubble From the syringe Relentless sun My lips meet the cool arc Flushing from the hose Overgrown grapevine Unsigned divorce papers Heavy in my hand Midnight Jazz Rain streaming down The Verdigris Chain The taste Of pines, bitter honey These bitter tears Sepia, souls smile From a photo negative Reunion This steady rain The one thing I needed You couldn't do End of summer More cucumbers Than neighbors Damselflies Dart across the water A bluer blue August heat The pregnancy test results Becoming clear Perseids We help Mother blow out Sixteenthree candles Autumn grasses At least the tea Remains green Morning tea Returning the cup? It's emptiness Autumn, mist Bull elks mating call Splits the silence First, frost Instead of silk Flannel Autumn, Equinox The fallen leaf Halfgreen halfgold Deep autumn We read love poems once In these woods October moon White pumpkins glow In the field Autumn arrives early For this mountain ridge And me Cold rain A maple leaf floats In the water basin All Saints Day From the corner of my eye Someone, no one Winter in the wind No cake for this candle lit In memoriam Winter night The chill of moonlight On my skin Rain turns to sleet Grounding my daughter Our shared tears Solstice Sipping a stronger brew In the waning light Yearend Bank Statement Reusing the tea bag For a second cup Biting the peel A burst of orange mist Firelight First snow All the shades Of white From my window A maple's lichened trunk The only green Starless night My daughter delivered home By a policeman Valentine's Day Thin ice covers The pond Ash Wednesday Light rain From the clouds,mudged sky First, Crocus The oncologist says No hope Terminal cancer The contrails end Midair Cloudless sky All the things I don't know This winding river Confluence of what I know And what I don't Late winter snow A distant train whistle Cuts through my silence Between fiery clouds And shadowed Earth A string of egrets Daybreak Light and shadow On the apricot blossoms Veil of spring rain The anniversary Of my divorce Saturday night fog Too many women Wear pants Cocktail lounge The more we order The more the waitress leans April sunset From the patio of A foreclosed house for sale Spring thaw Water from the fridge drips On the floor Spring thaw Everything drips Including my nose The silence Of the April rain After the shower Obsolete! Pushing a cart along Commerce Avenue A cut glass bowl Holds the shells of our summers This life in exile Madison Square Park Nice Spring day No stock brokers Dangerous intersection Always fresh flowers On one way, sign pole Sunrise A yogi faces The wrong direction Gulf oil spill reaches The wet lands Bird songs, black out A steady drizzle All day the weight Of things unsaid The wasp Clocking between panes of glass? First, spring light A hazy moon Floats in my cup White sake Temperature rising Storms and traffic noise Through the north window The red breasted bird Outside the cancer clinic Spring nest building now Zazen Attempting to awaken? I fall asleep A robin's beak Pierces, it's shell Earth Day Twilight Portrait of a child That will never age Untimely death Watching dust fall Through suns, Rays Cold April rain I no longer remember Your name Cold April rain My daughter's birthday On another continent Cold April rain The sediment At the bottom Wisteria blossoms The faint memories Of grandmother's lace Between? The Prime Minister's words Birdsong Hot, humid day A jazz station plays Cool tunes Finally Friday The dog so attentive Around the grill As if yesterday Your twentyyearold body Wild strawberries Yellowed envelope Holding your golden curls Spring cleaning Raindrops My sister's voice From half a continent Dark bar Old man, younger woman And a condom machine June swings from warm to cold I recall my ex Mother in law Sunset An ice cream vendor forgets To put a cherry on top Memorial Day Stars obscured By distant smoke Red Dragonfly My newest granddaughters Tiny fingers June cold snap The nextdoor neighbors House for sale After the rain A light on in the basement Of an empty house Linging, dusk The silence between us Says it all Lovers Quarrel The tea kettle Silenced Summer day [Teeter bending] With the bee's weight Ceiling fan The whirl Of my thoughts Sego Lilies The trail dissolves In wildflowers There's a pelican In that ball of feathers, Tar Or it is a gull Morning fog Citibank building loses The other half of its top Summer hot day The sound of some one Playing the flute? First, firefly The moon also shows His face After the Solstice Already feeling the touch Of Winter Cloudy day My thoughts stuck On a spider web Obidian night The white sound Of rain Shrilling, cicadas Two women smile At something else Morning, Hague One light rinse of the coffee cup Is good enough Moisty And I Blood brothers Cloud watching The reunion Of Pangaea Early The taste of goodbye In your kiss This old fight Knowing both our parts Thunder Moon No more dirty jokes The new barber is A woman July early morning A jogger carries Two bottles of water Tea leaves carefully Saved, dried and used again Hidden poverty The future Deep in the tea leaves Spring growth Stifling heat Our new neighbors Argument Heat wave The dog moves slowly From shadow to shadow Restless night A tree frog In and out of tune Rose petals Falled on bare earth Evening rain July sunset After a hot day The watermelon tastes cool Sunrise My neighbor in her underwear July's last day 75 today I walk through a puddle Because I can Her Alzheimers A dragonfly Goes comes Wildflower bouquet Left on a country highway The endless road Back to my hometown Blooming with a sweet scent Mom's Oriental Lilies Visit to the old villa The scent of Lost money Slightly chill An empty bird feeder Outside the nursing home Waning Moon! A handprinted sign reads Lost dog Cricket song My longing too Unanswered Moon phase The welfare check Comes on the fifth Tailgating trucker Is that load bound for KMart? Worth more than my life Cloudless night She looks into the mirror Counting new wrinkles Cloudy sky The sun a bright red First cup of coffee Rain filled morning I hold my face upward Tears like rain Cool and cloudy day Slowly, the season changes Remirrored in your eyes Bag of beer Smell Trails Leave It! From all directions Charred goat bones They say without conviction Somali nightmares Too hot for Miso He pushes it aside That August morning August blue sky The smell of sunscreen In the subway Morning, Hague A beach beauty goes Topless Hiroshima Day A Japanese ballerina Dances on pointe Summer park Every one is busy Viewing their phone screens? August 6 My father does not say Good morning Fall migration Custom combiners harvest Their way north Fighting The summer heat No time for poetry sunflower The day passing Slowly August moon Countless raindrops to measure The length of the day Dawn by the river We breach a wall of sand The cry of a loon Crow browsing grass Steps on Camellia blossom Fraternityd silence Hazy skies The cedar's less dark This Summer day Crickets in the garden Time passing me by Mother's ageing hands My son's birthday Not sharing the cake Channing the seagull away Late August garbage bags A jasmine tree Near by Mackerel, sky First gold leaves, spangle The maple Autumn, Equinox My baseball glove Right where I left it Maple Twig Turns lemon hue in the rain I reply to Summer Mail Teenagers Exchanging promises Summer's end Summer barber shop Slightly silence As a blonde bombshell comes in Summer sunset She ties her bikini top Before she gets up Flea market shopping You may have to pay in blood The bedbug's scare Sunset As the train starts To enter the tunnel East River night Cool September wind Lovers stay in their cars Perseid shower The intake of her breath Another contraction Folding beach mats The whiff of fresh grilled corn This chilly morning Menopause She even quarrels with The Autumn Moon Neither white nor black A yellow smog that won't lift Alzheimer's pall Full Corn Moon Time to gather the harvest Before leaves fall Glassyeyed gutted Catch of the day on shaved ice At the fish market Rain clouds Patches of blue in the sky First cup of coffee In the morning darkness Coffee cup in hand Missing the sunshine Fall morning Fog resting on cedars Cup of Kona Fall afternoon The boat on the river Slow heart beating East Side skyline The UN building looks More like a hospital Dark clouds move In between skyscrapers The Dow goes down East River warm Autumn day A red oil tanker Zigzags Sunset over the sea I remember when my mother Ran faster than me Graveside Service Slipping from Grandma's book Pressed wildflowers Middle of the night My fingers tick tick ticking A hot flash, Haiku Night fishing My rodtip brushes The milky way Swarm of tiny wings Fades out in the autumn sky Unfinished journal White Moonlight Seeps into my sadness In a mulch bed Grey skies, grey thoughts So clear as reflections On rain puddles Harvest Moon, Gleners Pale faces leaden eyes stare At an empty field Summer's day The clink of ice cubes In my gin and tonic Crunch, crunch crunch Stepping on fallen acorns This Autumn day Right turn The clink of church keys At the tea party New moon An abandoned car On lovers lane New moon A missing Mouse trap New moon The mouse in the ceiling Awakens Evening fog The cars parked on the beach Have their windows fogged out September morning Fresh flowers On the roadside shrine Making a uturn Clear in the rear view mirror Autumn afternoon The War on Horror GIs on hashish kill Afghans for sport I turn off the pumpkin lights A predawn Harvest Moon White roadside crosses Where the roads swale meets Nature? Memento Mori First, frost Why did I never? Plant evergreens Autumn Sunset Broughts, rainswept Horizon As embers sizzle Picking autumn leaves Off the grass, her grave Nothing but fine rain Pomegranate seeds Brinking in their hands 613 Haiku On an evening trail Of red dragonflies swarming In a pool, stars Leaves crackling In her grave, tiny hands sweep Leaves of sparrows A window frames The whole free world In one white gull Side of the road Flowers, a deep shade of blue Thoughts fly to you A wind up frog Hops across the wooden floor Thoughts of Haiku On the weight scale Too many extra pounds Autumn's abundance A few leaves remain At the ends of the branch A brittle moon Chrysanthemum Moon The way You open me Leaf after leaf falls The way you laugh Makes me laugh October over Listening to heavy rain Call to prayer Late season Christmas lights illuminate A golden Buddha Afternoon fog The point of the meeting Getting lost A red cloud On the horizon Robin's song Valentine's Day A patch of snow The sun hasn't found Sweltering heat The cicadas buzz louder During her hot flash Morning prayer The patter of rain As I reach amen Morning fog The dry cleaner says He can't find my coat Evening fog Some one behind me [speaks in] Cockney Daylight Saving Time starts The cat still awakes When it's hungry Creed Moon at sunset She hesitates then Kisses me As she sits at the bar Her jeans slide A half moon Sometimes Sunny Sundays in November Are unfair Sunny Sunday in November Half assembled shelves Wait in the kitchen Sunday in autumn Neighbor needs money For her cancer meds November email Remembering Sycamores? Outside the window White sun Burning through November sky Her nth unanswered call Turning One leaf at a time Enterts for memorials Two minutes silence The shifting light Of a windy day Overcast Just one more game Of solitaire More rain A mouse trapped Between walls Autumn Wind Knowing what you Will say next Maple in full flame Becoming at last Myself We race dry leaves Down the road home The North Wind and Me The best lies Have the fewest details Cold halfmoon Dub in a crescent's light A canoe rests on the roof Autumn Flood Blizard! The slanting lines piercing lines Our locked hands First, frost The chapel two hours darker For vespers Grey day The only bright spot A red traffic light Cold rain The greengrocer stacks cabbages On cabbages He turns one last time Flashing his sailors, wry smile That bright November On the island The first snowfall Red gloves First, mandarin Sweet and sour taste Smell of Christmas Midnight Moon Afraid To turn another page Afraid of a boy With an old man's eyes [Neases of Frost] Early storm warning He sends the kids To the neighbors Thin ice He critiques her gravy In front of the guest A hint of autumn That slight pause before she plucks Her first gray hair Earth Day Slowly, the anesthetic Takes effect A break in the clouds My third cup of coffee Grows cold Clear skies A solitary crow On a highvoltage wire November, dusk Do the streetlights know? How early it is? November, dusk The warmth Of a familiar song Evening fog The cat comes back With an appetite First, frost Another wish Goes on their list Thanksgiving A new seat At the table New highway Every mile or so The corpse of a buzzard Snowballs Her seasonal cookies Eated one by one Grey surrounds Wind blows in from the window Advent's candles blow out Winter solstice Too many things to do This shortest of days Shortest day Flames dance In the oven Shortest day Her countdown to Christmas Quickens Patience On the dock, he sits beside A can of worms The noise of a garbage truck? Wakes me up December harvest moon Christmas Day nears The shopping bags Get smaller Longening days I turn the Christmas lights Off Snow Day More white than I remember In my beard Footprints in the snow Words I can't take back Girl in Sunday dress In her father's shadow Lost too soon Day after Christmas Crows waddling to bus stop No one awaits The corridor Was long and dark News of your death Tree trimming We listen to the music Of soft rain New Year's Eve Bubbles rise again In the old crystal flutes Credit crunch A halfdozen fireworks Grease the new year Head cold Missing the scent? Of winter heliotrope Snowy morn Pouring another cup Of black coffee Head cold Running out of tissue? Before noon 1 11 11 Too many smoking [Chambers] Morning cloudy sky She comes out of the shower Wrapped in a towel Creed Moon She paints only the tips Of her finger nails New Year's morning I wipe some dirt From my glasses Blizard! The heavy weight Of snowflakes The sulphuric scent Of winter coal Out for a walk Making soup My hands could be My mother's hands Awaken too early Trees shrouded in mist The slow tick of a clock The damp stain on the wall Only looks like a damp stain Monday morning Deep winter IngIniting the match With a lit candle Cold sunshine The icicles refuse To melt Cold night The deeper levels of dreams And fears When Celsius? And Farenheit, meet Cold night Deep winter Nothing much to say Even among Crows A second glass of wine The poem goes Unwritten I put out the night garbage A Wolf Moon Fresh snow on the roofs The old graffiti looks Dirtyier Saturday night Talk of the recent snow storms Is a good ice breaker She cries silently Her sobs barely audible And no one to hear Rivulets of red Running down her pale young face She clutches a doll ( daylight) In the winter haze A faint birdsong Morning fog My new dahlias too Look so faded The cat shifts From sunspot to sunspot Sunday morning Snow turns to rain The afterglow Of the plow lights On street A shower of petals For no one First, frost The last of the roses Have lost their names Sleet and rain Simmering extra sugar In hot mush All day long The rhythmic beat Of melting ice Blank date book The gray afternoon Turns to white Rainy February day Cloud after cloud after cloud Pray for a clear day Chilly morning Memories of a love affair Floating in my mind Home again His scent lingers On her kimono Awoken at 4 am The honking of Canada geese Spring is here Airport window The cloud of my breath As your plane reaches the clouds LooLning The top button of her blouse With my eyes Snowmelt The garden blooms With children's toys Degusting The freckle on her cleavage With my eyes Sunset The Empire State Building is lit In red and yellow Saturday night fog So many girls here Have a hoarse voice Sunset Her gray sweater lifts To show her navel Her eyes A hesitant dog leads A woman into a subway car Snowstorm Too many flakes For Haiku The crowd Holding blossoms Thunder Love letters I rake the embers Of the fire Camellia buds My wife begins To cradle her belly Her head Button over tea leaves How old she's grown? Long winter My wife slows her pace To mine Undressing for bed I find a hole in my sock The winter wind Returning spring In the dawn light, she looks like My first love Wnter Sesshin In the kitchen My cracked teacup After winter, Sesshin Sharing tea Silence Winter's cold Dreaming Of my exwife Table 4 2 A romance reduced To numbers Three sneezes All that's left Of the snowman Frozen rain The words I cannot take back Chinese market A row of small gold buddhas Share a smile Pension plans The slow drone of a plane Coming in to land Strategic plan The sound of distant Fowhorns Light rain Water workers Dig a hole in the road February sun A street light still on In the daytime The smell of varnish Lenders in the hall Like winter Valentine's Day Recycling Old gold Commuter traffic No light to stop A starling flock February, gale The empty bird feeder Taps my office window I arrange my tie To hide a stain Misty Hollow Supermarket sign The melancholia magnified By drizzle February Dawn The rhubarb rises A deeper red Slightly downpour The memory of a butterfly Washed away Cloudy at sunset Black and white graffiti Shows more leg A rain storm ends The graffiti looks Dirtyier than before Valentine's Day We let the champagne Go flat One plus one 3 A happy couple expecting Their first child Is spring coming? Bombs raining down On Tripoli on Aljazeera Fountain pen ink spill Not contained by a blotter Mare Crisium Mountain Rain The beetle and I Scurry for cover Roadside Memorial The faded plastic windmills Still racing Secrets Burrowing in sand, dunes A pale sunlight Left out in the rain Her old haiku On cherry blossoms Late winter walk Soft rain on bare cherry trees Harder on my thoughts In the mist Waiting to meet you Budding crocus Frosted dawn His words hang Over coffee Poetry books Banished to the bathroom Spring cleaning Solar flare Spring Moon Halfhidden In the clouds February rain The word "spring" On the Scrabble board February wind The word "crocus" On the Scrabble board Slightly rainstorm My place in another world Keeped by a bookmark Satie The rain Easy Black run A skier's cigarette Points downhill Crocus breeze My dying mother's words Come back to me Forever waiting For the ring of the phone Watching the rain In the hospital Watching the clouds drift by Sharp needle in the hand Grey and rainy Going with my Mother To a seniors complex Soft rain My Mother and I look At retirement homes Watching rain Drum beat on window pane The deaf cat Firth dream A bird chirps the refrain From the Latin Mass Fishing boats Colors of The rainbow Ash Wednesday Trying to remember? My dream Wet starless night A smiling moon shines On her umbrella Morning, mist His wallet and keys Missing again Dusk An unfinished sweater On the rocking chair "Emergency Night" The stars are as silent As ever "Emergency Night" Tokyoites walking home The long Friday Creed Moon over the skyline She shows lots Of cleavage Japan's power plant radiation The wind will decide Who dies? Tulips buried The soft silence Of April snow From Hiroshima To Sendai So much just gone Cracks on a sidewalk Lost among the grass and weeds Urban Springs Cracked head statue Of the Buddha, a reminder Everything passes Dusty haze At the sunrise time A yellow rose Wooden Buddha With a cracked head on display No buyers Despite The foreclosure sign Daffodills Distinct voices A thin crust of ice Lenders on snow Spring fever Shoots among the lilies She can't name Mirror She sees her flaws In his eyes Mirror Her mother's lips Pursing like hers From Haiku scribblings To a prayer On a giant wave My daughter says I resemble a drunk Winter rain St David's Day A mower cuts the green Green grass of home Efficiency seminar A reek of cheap fat Lenders in the hall Referral day A few pale shoots After the frost Roadside tribute Last year's leaves Cover a fox Long ago I threw your letters away Footprints in snow New London winter The gleam of pleasure boats Wrapped in plastic Winter chill Shred plastic In a barbed wire fence Lazy Midtown morning Another layer of paint On the rusty fire escape Lazy Midtown morning Do those green copper gargoyles? Feel the cold First of December The darkness Before dawn First of December Police tape clinging To a burnedout barn First of December Another cold cup Of coffee Winter clouds My gray hair Grayer December rain The long night Longer A crack in dark clouds A kid works out, Rubik Cube As he walks Blue sky The wind disperses the scrips Of a stocks broker December cold night The sole sign of life Is the smell of car's exhausts? Evening fog A Salvation Army soldier Rings his bell louder Sunrise A yogi does The Cobra Red sun The air glitters With dragonflies Dim porch light I spit orange seeds In the darkness Cold rain The persistent warmth Of your kiss White sun An inch of snow On the lawnmower Avalanche warnings More tails of rain And radiation Winter returns One stubborn maple still drips Eversoslowly Dawn The night separating from the day A bird's song On the table Apple blossom branches A new scent Nice Spring day Kids draw in colored chalk On the sidewalk The sun shines into My kitchen as it sets The smell of baked sugar Saturday night wedding The bride Is a man? Fog over the skyline I steam up my windows Cooking pasta Libya Only ones with money play Others die Rebels retake Ajdabiya Finally the noflyzone Gets teeth Fog at happy hour The bartender forgets My Tequila sunrise Sunny Spring day Old graffiti catches The eye Blue sky A man climbs the fire escape stairs To the roof Spring fever A cobra escapes from The Bronx Zoo Afternoon fog The cat watches TV Instead of the window Rain Mixed with snow Spring, equinox Bringing only Silence The storm clouds weight She's found the gate In the wall of Willows Sundance of spring Gray, spring dawn The shiver of daffodils In my bones This cold Sakura cherry blossoms On my window Day after day On the road to work A single magpie Spring sunshine The jogger's stride A little longer Spring wind On my neck Cooler than your breath Black lace and moonlight Her underthings draped Over the chair Rainy day Precipitation In the baby's nappy Coming home [ piles of laundry on the floor] Light and dark Cloudburst An apple tree rains petals On the asphalt Haiku Attention to this moment I smile Walking Quiet thunder Spring rain Balloon floats Over garbage truck Party is over City Hall scandal The town's rumor mill Adds a third shift Mid April Even in the shadows The ice melts Year's first hot day East River lovers Smoke in their cars Morning fog A driver stops to ask Where is Manhattan? A thousand prayers From valley folds and mountains Paper cranes Vernal, Equinox My days and nights now measured Not in hours Open windows All the contrails Feathering Spring clarity The local pub reveals It's old name All fools day Behaving like A teenager again Sleepless night A new tooth In the baby's smile Twilight Pools of lupine In the deep meadow grass High bridge The soundless splashes Of dropped stones Shaking out crumbs? The smell of rain On asphalt Fourth of July A cottonwood blizzards On the picnic Spended tea leaves The scent of almonds And cinnamon Tornado In the wreckage A bird sings From the tidal pool Two crabs in an embrace Today's lunch Buddhist monks chat On the 49th day of the disaster Looking for lost souls? Back porch campout The tall trees darker than The summer sky Almost dusk The quarrel of children In the treehouse Enough teacup The laundry basket Overflows Tilted fence Layers of shadows On the ivy Autumn Twilight An algebra book open On the couch Morning Spring drizzle A long line at The bathroom Afternoon, Hake The park chess players Need more time A Spring cloudless sunset The barmaid buttons up Her blouse Stock market closed A trader invests in the afterlife Good Friday Fog and rain I pass a closed Nudists Club Evening fog Only the sound of high heels Registers Perched on a guardrail Of a busy highway An egret preens Reaching For a new found warmth Sweet rhubarb cake Steam railway Blackthorn blossom Follows the tracks Afternoon card parties The rumor mills Farm system Recycling Old stories get a new twist At the rumor mill First buttercup Three lines of coke On the kitchen table The heather still in bloom We take Mum the long way Back to the hospice Chuntering at something The blackbird on the fence post Election day Wiking its way Through the rush hour traffic A white butterfly Kentucky Derby The kids in bars are too busy For a horse race Friday, the Thirteenth My train arrives On time Deer carcass Alongside the highway Silently accepts the rainstorm Picking flowers An explosion of color Crosses the minefield That spring day The flowers have long faded Yet we remember The mirror reflects A face I know so well Dads A flagpole stands guard Before a flooded schoolhouse As a river runs Crushed mosquito Red line on the floor Subway in May Smell of autumn The first bite of an apple Crispy and sweet October Wind The baby drops the leaf Again Between morning chores I open the door Lilacs in the rain The neighbors, Lilacs Gathering the fragrance? To myself Day Lilies The Dormant spark of death Within me First time Your curly hair Tickled my thighs Dusk The last whistle of something? As I turn on a reading light Finally, a day of sun Here, in the rain forest freckles on my face A foggy day She buys yellow daffodils On her way home Stable Spring drizzle A couple stop To kiss Evening fog A gift shop has a poster of The Empire State Building Morning blue sky A bakery runs out Of croissants Saturday night fog The bars also Dim their lights Morning fog A man disappears behind The Times front page Evening fog Nothing but the lights Of Queensborough bridge May dawn It's the same fog as Yesterday's dusk On the beach By the ancient city Sand Castle ruins Last day of term My daughter breaks The uniform code Spring wind Tachograph discs Turn down a backroad More than the shining sun In the morning I want her Nothing more tiring Than being tired of sleeping alone Warm coffee Four am The silence between tick And tock Temper tantrum The ring of the axe blade On Redwood Same old moon The blur of insects "Against the stars" Hot morning A bright red poppy buzzes With seven bees Breath lights On the beach freeway Heat rise Another day of rain Her tears fall also Which is which? Waiting for the sun The clouds hide his face First cup of coffee Awaken at 3 am She drags her Kimono From room to room A milky sea Mass of logs, sit and rest As an eagle soars Downpour The dead animal smell Shifts toward memory Waiting by the door The sun Rising Morning blue sky A baker cleans His oven Sunday morning Two dogs sniff each other While their owners chat Morning, Hague I finally adjust The TV picture The heat wave Thunder and lightening I go take a shower 100 degree heat Countrywestern music From the Asian Bar Cherry blossoms Deshedding in the moonlight The Milky Way Winter sky The white cat's eyes Bluer The coming of summer All the petals I brushed off my hair Early in the morning Looking at fog After the wedding Slug Trail The truck dumps asphalt In the paver Finished compost The vegetable garden feasts On chocolate cake Another day The stilled heartbeat On the ultrasound Feelings of joy Float in and out Red seaweed Counting the shades Of grey in the sea And in his hair On the pillow His bouquet of wild flowers This last day of Spring Manhattan afternoon, haze Gay people no more Have to hide Red poppy dolls Sit alone by the beach Dead children of Tohoku Crocus buds Secrets we've kept From each other Summer twilight The clock ticks twice For each cricket chirp Cancer clinic, visit Day breaking from the night A seaplane is waiting Night rain A bus rumbles through The croaking of frogs Blue clouds at sunset An American flag Is lowered for the night? Summer strawberries They always remind me Of soul kissing July I skip the sunset And wait for the fireflies This morning, thunder and lightening Tomorrow's night July Fourth IN GOD WE TRUST An immigrant looks at A dollar bill first time July sunset The redness of people Coming back from the beach Hot city night The sizzle Of a broken subwoofer Cronberry crumbs I try and find The right words Summer rainstorm The balloon man Sells umbrellas Sunset The fisherman's silhouette Edged with light No moon The hiss of the ocean "Against the cliff" Halfmast September Sunshine streams Through green maple leaves October, Hake A frayed American flag On the new pickup Turning leaves Red, white and blue bunting Covers the mailbox Retirement Community Speed bumps In the culdesac Woodland graffiti A fallen branch carved By bark beetles All souls day The scent of smoke lingers In my hair Fourth of July Watching fireflies On the lawn Rain on the leaves Just one Firefly Another day without him She misses all the little things Still, the sun shines 3 am A scycle moon Thoughts of him First, Cicada The hot day seems Even hotter Cool night air City noises fade away Memories Cool night air Folding chair Meditations Market day Hot tired shoppers Wait for the free bus Call to prayer Roosters, too Fresh morning air Dog barks Somebody starts their car Summer's morning light Channing bubbles Near the floating moon A paper boat Rainbows reflected In so many potholes Afternoon rainstorm Samhain night Another wreath Goes up in smoke Moving day A wet maple leaf sticks To the mattress Dwarf's end She scribbles Haiku on the back Of her grocery list Chocolate Santas Do you bite the head off? Or nibble the toes California Dreaming A white Christmas Inside the snow globe Church bells She leaves her good intentions In her hymnal Grandpa in his coffin She sings a lullaby Before they close the lid Evening fog The steam room Is empty? The debt ceiling will rise Clouds break For the sunset Evening fog The sound of A sax player Summer blue sky A teakettle Whistlers Night rain Baking smells from the house With the jasmine Brown Earth A Hawk's reflection glides Across the puddle Unfinished garden The sweet peas Stage a riot Night after night The farm dog forgets He knows me of old Prayers For a dying friend Azalea's in bloom Tax morning My undrunk tea cold In the cup Soft rain Her thoughts of lost love Intrude into her day He looks at her Affirming chill in the air Smell of rain The moons emerged Now water drips only Under the trees Last light Listening for the silence Behind the rain First day of school The house fills with the space Between second hand ticks Voices of Autumn The patter of raindrops On my rooftiles Tropical storm warning Wet sand in our kisses The opening sky Mid morning coffee Sipped from a chipped old mug So comforting Road trip At the end of the argument A patch of blue Perseid showers Only rain in The night garden Summer longing A dampness in the washing Left out overnight Lofty thoughts The Crowns of the Redwoods Lost in the clouds Dry Haystack The muffled sound Of rain Morning tai chi My form wavers With the barking dogs Removed meatloaf We have an argument About his exwife Midsummer stars The cry of a loon shatters The darkness Railroad tracks Summer shadows fade In twilight Summer evening Crenents of cantaloupe On a blue plate Fresh tea The warmth of his lips On mine High summer A cloud of flies Over the road, kill Hurricane Irene In the semidarkness A cold breakfast Heavy time Slowly ticking the minutes Hurricane Irene Lending grief Calls of southbound geese Through misty rain Linging light Through the willows Smell of rain Summer love A faded red Tshirt rots In the gutter September grasses The rumble of a distant Trash cart First, frost warning She no longer Pours his coffee Lull Reading into the braille Of your goose bumps Afternoon Malaise Slant light At the Orange's bowl Indian summer Turkey, feather falling Just out of reach Ordinary morning Bluest of skies, crisp, clear air Until the shadows Airborne again The roadkills Feathers An aroma Of green walnuts Summer dusk After the hurricane The skyline lights Burn bright Sunset The clean up After a hurricane Pigeons are flying again Irene downgraded To tropical storm A hurricane The flies think My kitchen is a storm shelter August Friday, happy hour The bartenders have time To listen Full moon He smoothens a wrinkle On her hand Somehow Our shrinking shadows touch Harvest Moon Indian summer The baby in the back seat Mine for a week Waning Moon! My parents visit Comes to an end Storm The monologue Of every tree Candle snuffer Our eyes adjust To the smoke wisp Halflight The cat turns and washes One paw Stable rain She rants about her boss All through supper Candlelit pumpkin The moth's reflection In the cat's eyes The crunch Of the first leaf A sweet sigh The sound Of the first fallen leaf This Autumn day 2 am Rain and wind on the island Another insomnia night Deep silence That crack in the wall Looks wider tonight The trail narrows Every shadow A possible bear Autumn deepens We gather the few Resting seeds Armistice Day A rainbow of wool drying On the clothesline A parked car has It's windows steamed A rainy beach day Next to the sunflowers Pumpkins are On sale Autumn deepens I wonder what my neighbour Is writing today? Clouds lifting Above the archipelago Morning light The owls whoo Unanswered This autumn night Autumn morning Spreading marmalade Over burnt toast Autumn sun Slides through the blinds Withered sunflowers Autumn sun Hidden in the flower bed Pilfreys A rippled moon In the pond A sinking stone Heavy leaves In the evening rain Humbles of darkness Hague over the hills The rain has filled This morning's footprints Night silence A Facebook cry Of loneliness Drumming rain A patchwork of dreams Just before waking The moose gruntsagain The nylon tent walls Seem thinner Soft jazz Candle light and lip gloss In the corner First juice A lone wasp explores The Apple Press A fallen leaf Brushes the corner Of your grave stone Autumn chill The fallen leaf's veins Tinged a deeper hue Tart raspberries Evening comes earlier And earlier Rain clouds Basking in the light Of an Ikea lamp Crisp wind The taste of the apple Just after picking it In from the cold Just one sugar cube more In my coffee Drawn in by the smell Of fast food and vinegar This October sun Old laptop I back up my data To the cloud Afternoon fog The day's news in HD The name I didn't want to see Beritable coffee Rubber boots Looking for the next Deeper puddle School bus Finally round the bend Lighting a cigarette Through autumn's dusk The computer, wanes and hums One hundred crows Moonpaved road I take the lane Without the dogs Monthold obit Of an exgirl friend Unexpected rain Back and forth Across our conversation Fireflies Death watch ended The rain storm begins My wife Home from the hospital Ibiscus in full bloom At opposite ends Of the reading room Exlovers Despite my assurances My wife's makeup [ thicker] Hiding home A pint of stout To keep out the cold Drye leaves Hurry down the path Standard time Sleeping late This autumn morning The bed half empty Breakfast still rumbles But no other guns are heard Armistice morning He winds up his watch So carefully that morning That will end the war The bugler plays "Tap" Her face so serious Her parents so proud Sensuous lips The young man tells me About his fresh fruit Slightly chill My aunt corrects The children's manners Winter's end Another bite Of green curry Spring gale Raindrops on the raw wood Of the new fence Cullul blues A yellow flower floats In my tea cup Lakeside The long silence Before the loon's reply Getting the phone? The soft tapping Of the rocking chair Rabbit in the moon Each dog has the last bark Till the next Cold night A crickets Insistent mantra Cloudy The metaledged whistle Of a doves flight Street garden Again without leaves Faded graffiti The familiar wail Of a common loon Your empty chair Thanksgiving evening The call of wild ducks Out on the bay Lakeside The fog makes the loons call Much more haunting River Road He stops to buy A can of worms Right left The flash of the float plane's light Rain on the forest Autumn morning Dewdrops dripping From a cane pole Winter trees Waiting on the silence Our breaths New book The hands of the clock move Faster March, warmth The taste of curry On his lips False spring The minty freshness Of his kiss Spinning gum The vacant look In her eyes Wind and rain Wisteria blooms entwine The barbed wire fence Clear lake enclosed Totally within A bowl of miso The sound of foam Redrawing from the shore Our unsaid goodbyes The rising moon pales Down here, the crickets Unwavering song Highstepping An egret walks its shadow Across a white wall Still, the spent fireworks Cordite, smell Nest of serpents Blind curve Dogwood flowers unfold In the rain Rusty fence A sunbird In one of the diamonds Solstice birthday Blowing out a candle For each decade Overcast day Even the poppies Stay curled up Early dawn I watch the New Year Spike down the mountain Slightly hail The argument breaks off Midsentence Slightly hail She tells me to be careful What I wish for Distinct thunder I dream I've forgotten Where my parents live? First, frost The squirrel plants acorns Where we buried the cat? Slightly hail The child's marble bag bursts As he runs indoors Distinct thunder The sharpness in her voice After my comment Morning overcast She adds more blush To her cheeks Slightly hail We sip bitter coffee Rehashing last night Winter solstice Her passing Bends the candles, flame Dusting the books I'll read when I have time Winter solstice The morning after Oak leaves, cradle Last night's hail Hang in a cobweb Between gorse flowers Christmas rain Fighting illness The darkness before the light Of the new year Opacity windows Barring the dawn Of the new year Even seagulls Imitate the stones First, frost New Year's Eve The warmth of his eyes Over cold champagne Past midnight Public television Lights up the room Warm drizzle Cinderella buns And tea for two Distinct thunder A whiff of Foreign perfume The doctor wants To take a closer look Coffee gone cold Good news From the cardiologist Autumn Butterfly New bookshelves The poetry my cat finds In an empty box New Year's Day A deer hesitates In the headlights Dental's chair Counting dead flies In the striplights First light Cherry leaves heavy With rain Ethnic cleansing The colored woman scrubs The white toilet Evening prayer Hasselstone's rattle The windows Piano recital A steady drone From the Coke machine Erodation A flattened possom In the road Moisterias rise The damp scent of clean clothes On the line Hot and humid The tea kettle dribbles On the counter Early morning, Dew On a bronze temple bell Just before ringing Several frost The sparkling whiteness Of my brown roof The police car slows "Japanese Foxes" Looting from bins Restless Across the summer night Siren upon, siren Evening voices The moon So huge Evening voices The window curtains Flutter! Internet break The smell of rain And boggy earth Shortcut! The railway tracks Still vibrating Writer's block Staring out the window At snowflakes Easter Sunday The carefully trimmed beard Of the young priest Reading The tea leaves the gray In her hair In front of bronze doors They huddle against the cold The newly homeless A cup of tea And a koan to go My cold morning Two dog walkers Meet Two conversations The broken panes Of the old greenhouse Still, the new shoots School fair On the fireman's helmet A faint smell of smoke Frozen Dawn The runner recovering In his own steam Morning, rush hour At the side of the road Wild, damsons Caruso recording The gramophone crackle Lights the fires in his eye "Furth Moon" How bittersweet? This longing Desert Dream The sound of foghorns On the Solent Ageing skin The warmth and softness Of a baked apple Pathless, Moore The cackle of grouse Hidden by Mist Hiroshima Day The first meteors fall Silently Spended dandelions A weatherbeaten lawn chair On the bare patch Unknown soldier A fallen comrade carried By two ants Tall grass An old DeSoto Beyond the old Dodge Somber skies Drides of dead fir needles On the road Day of remembrance The night silence Same as always Prayer group Eight candle flames flicker With our breath Stone Fountain Rust stains In the empty bowl Spring fever My pockets full Of old grocery lists Spring rain I read his letters One last time Roadside Cricket Song The full moon's risen Above the wires Day Moon Cottonwood's shimmer In the breeze Distinct thunder Another iris opens It's petals Midday heat The insistent call Of a dove noon heat A pigeon shadow shimmers Across the tar Unanswered The dog's howl fades In the night A yellowed clipping Falls out from her Bible Emmett Tills obit The morning sun On Grandma's grave First butterfly Spring rain The dogwood Half petals, half leaves Evening The scent of water On asphalt Night breeze Carries a moth To the moon Lonely butterfly In the quiet morning light Where are you going? Quiet dawn In the oak tree 'Moreing doves' Just a small basket Filled with hidden treasures She carries proudly An ant in my bed For the two of us Not enough room Overcast An orange scarf, flails On the clothesline Thunderstorm On the sidewalk Earthworm slick Slightly thunderstorm Open umbrellas, flower In many colors April noon Out come the sun And some slugs Late morning breakfast Left uneaten Too much of spring Cherry petals Flying higher and higher Storm in my valley My rising blood pressure A vapor trail In the sky Twilight rain The Blue Heron Midlake Somehow smaller Bouquets of lilacs The last bunch fills A milk bottle Twilight rain The scent of lilacs Through the window Dead heading, Lilacs The fragrance lingers In memory April warmth A new crop of dandelions Since yesterday Summer stars My husband starts snoring Again Chemo, drip I wish I could give you the moon Instead Pine strand Flailing in night sky The first low star Summit, Cairn A raven's call Lost to the wind Under the oak Blue feathers Black cat Silver Moon A loudspeaker barks At the night Rows of white markers All at attention Memorial Day October clouds Greet stains in relief On the highway Indian summer The ceiling fan creaks On startup Cold snap The refrigerator freezes The lettuce November sunshine The taste of lemon pepper On my lips Gray, Thanksgiving An outburst of laughter From the kitchen Winter twilight The warmth of his back "Against mine" Two men out on Mother's Day Discuss Freuds Oedipus Complex [Stacking stones] For a garden wall The weight of their age Darkening trees A flight of parakeets Brightly lit Shoots of green grain Old abandoned houses Stand along the highway Hot oil sizzles On an iron frying pan Kitchen God speaks Plop! The sound of bubble From a carp Nightfall Shooting stars On the power lines Mixed rain and sleet The hothouse rose drops Another petal Distinct, siren The hurricane lantern swings On its hook Fine rain A faded plastic flower On the window Darkening street Two babblers on a wire And then the moon midnight The windy silence Of the sickle moon After the solstice This summer heat Still the same Night, drizzle Is that Donkey's braying? Filled with pain After rain Honeysuckle Awaken again Overcast Curbs of smoke Over a shared fence Creed Moon A young mockingbird With it's one song Sharp smell After a noon downpour Electric summer Flute song The faint scent Of the Easter Lily April stars Two brass buttons On the nightstand Lunch break The scent of apple blossoms In the sunshine Cool breeze A thousand things undone I watch the moon Stormwashed sky The bird songs Clearer midnight My earphones Keep out the silence Fresh peaches The wet print of your body On the pool deck Night on the town The scent of mackerel On the fog Indian summer An unsealed letter On the table That cricket It's THERE Or THERE? Still night The smell of fried fish drowns out The traffic sounds Through the window Half a mirror showing A quarter room Enough bottle We start singing Another old tune Black ice Dad's last radiation Treatment Ramadan starts tomorrow Moslems will fast From dawn to dusk July morning The smell of coffee From an abandoned building Leafless maple She fingers the wool Of his last chemo cap Unhurried The egret whiter Than the clouds Vendors of lightning Split the sky Smell of wet earth Moonless Suddenly the silence Bigbang's into barking Rain on leaves, tiles, earth Flute notes slither through The water sounds Greyyellow, dawn A doves urgent cooing And the rain Deep into the night A dog's sharp bark Becoming gunfire? Butterfly wings So loud, their flapping In a temple's silence Late night As city lights dim out August full moon August blue sky A window washer Runs out of soap Farmers market Checking out the guy Checking me out Monsoon clouds A heron bathes in a pool Of light Night rain A bat wings, it's way to Tomorrow Waiting room The steady hum Of the fish tank In the nursing home She talks about the brother No one talks about Dusk Fireflies leading the way To the car door MiGratory pelicans The pollster presses For an opinion Mountain wind The echo of a cuckoos Cough louder Rumble of thunder Slicing justpicked peaches For the pie The soldier looks Back over his shoulder Autumn grass Under a full moon A homeless man gathers cans Urban Harvest Straw truck delivery Someone else's summer Strewn down our lane Autumn rain My socks dry on The PC Tower Autumn, Equinox I let the last fly Go free! Autumn chill Her long fingernails drum With the rain Full moon Pumpkins in the field Ready to pick Early frost They postpone Their wedding Persimmon Tree Mallard's drink in It's reflection Autumn chill The blind poodle caught In the phone cord again Waning Moon! The cricket behind the fridge Starts singing Granite wall A cold touch so hard To resist Moon on the wane The sound of wings At dusk She's leaving home A pair of shoes That no longer fit Indian summer It's what the sunflowers Waited for Glitting on A retirement card Autumn rain Autumn, mist My neighbour asks me What I do? Skyline fog All these CEOs don't look Out the window any way After the rain stops The skyline lights Glitter! Autumn New York State green apples Flood the market Overcast Autumn A teacher asks her kids To draw a rainbow Morning blue sky The windows of a hot yoga class Fog out! First Day of Autumn A soccer referee pulls out His yellow card Yew harvest Deep hues fill A redwing's hunger Autumn gale The sunflower's turn Their seedy cheeks Faces from the past Their memories in old photos Effaced by the flood Red poppies growing Between rows of white tombstones As in remembrance Winter sunset The whistle of A Florida bound train Candle drippings On the epitaph A broken word Neon veil A neighbour's lights Outshine the moon In an old snapshot His Irish smile still flashes Her slight shy smile, too Cigarette Farm A sweetness On the breeze After a storm The absence Of a tree Power outage Hoarfrosted pines Simmer in moonlight Fine, gray rain A flashmob of Santas In Union Square Hurried steps My frosty breath rises towards The half moon Unbecided voter Half a moon hangs In the noon sky A cooing is heard From a small puff of feathers Another dawn Small green waves crashing Against a porcelain rim Morning tea tempest Winter solstice The widow tightens Her braids Infinite rain Christmas lights Blute in a puddle Gibbou's moon The smell of woodsmoke fills A wait for rain Snowy afternoon A slow accumulation Of desire Overcast morning The smell of steaming rice Summer Night silence Despite the dog's despite A crying baby A toast To the departing year Snow turns to rain My tea gets colder And the Madeleine just sinks Memory betrays Under snow The same earth Waiting waiting Red lobster Her prying glance Through the mist Mixing bowls The shallow echoes Of bells Thunder Snow The windshifting scent Of Fox Gare du Nord The slow change of snow On fake fur Almost lost Among the shifting hues Of dusk Red poppies The butterfly always just Out of reach Moon gazing Fogging up the cold window With my breath Tattered clouds The moon's whiteness is Icier tonight Unaimed day Under the flipped stone Five black beetles Cricket song Softly outlasting The trucks Sunrise A ray of light hits My bathroom mirror Woodfire Flickering in the silence Corralled horses Spring morning The urge to skip And the wisdom not to HaBemus Papam I've always loved Latino men Valentine's Day Shaking the snow From the Roses Medicine wheels Cairns of field stone appear In the cold spring fog Gray and cold A hothouse bouquet For his widow Incoming fog A forgotten memory Comes in flashes From an open barn The odor of hay and manure And climbing roses Plot plop on the road Cars follow the cow trail To the milking barn Lullaby of rain Another pinch of saffron In the pumpkin soup At rest In the Crow's nest Creed Moon In Morse code The woodpecker Announces spring On the Ferris wheel Reaching up To stroke the moon Spring A few blocks closer Than yesterday First day of spring Spongety icicles Still hang on Equinox The bulbul's song on the edge Between day and night Spring evening A boy hums the tune I heard Half a mile ago Spring fever My heartbeat quickens Through the avalanche zone Train whistle A blackbird hops Along its notes The moon is broken Battersea Power Station From a train window Valentine's Day My wife reads up On Henry VIII Zombie debt The practised slice Of a bread knife Not so good For all the fish Good Friday St Patrick's Day In front of the pub Yellow pouring out of the daffodils Dawn, Hazel The bulbuls trills So clear midnight Only Jasmine now And cricket song April 2nd The snow Still lying A curve in the road Looking for lilacs In the wind The rain over Even with eyes shut I know it's spring Summer rain Lightning whites out The street lights The crow Balancing on a wire And now in the wind Boston news A crazy day and yet That butterfly Dockside fight French fries in a pile Of seagulls Childhood's summer gift That first dandelion Dancing on the wind Another spring Who will tell the dandelion? It's a weed Powdering the dog A child asks if fleas Go to heaven Heavy rain A darkening sky Behind her face Sunday afternoon "Britishsweet chocolate" And swapped addresses Sunday, dusk A last wine bottle Packed in the trunk El Huesos dry bones Still wrapped in a uniform That he so disgraced Old brittle dry bones Found inside a uniform A past imperfect Only the wind Off the ocean Omaha Beach Fragrant, spring blossom Children play outside until There is no more light Morning stillness A bird song I've never heard before Sunday sermon Children's voices Mix with the choir Mother's Day Everytime She calls A few petals Left by the sweeper Sunset clouds Went out I write a haiku About daffodils Leaver's day A wind too strong For butterflies Awakened By moonlight An old regret Cold rain Sharp as nails Late afternoon Small town caf Only strangers Get menus Storm warning A street corner argument Turns many heads Sunny afternoon Sand swept Behind the door Middle of the night On a wicked wind Passing news A careful sip More of chickpea than coffee His breakfast brew Croaking of frogs Just after dawn Summer memories Silk from a web Entangled in my hair A homeless spider Before dawn By the small pond The sound of crickets Chamomile petals Swimming in rainwater For her blonde highlights Splat A windshield and a bug Find each other Polished granite Relieves my face off My father's grave Desert landscape Rain will come and the water Remembers each path Heavy rain The old rubber boots Not tall enough Heavy rain My flower seeds sprout In the neighbor's yard Evening rain She lets down Her hair At the end Of a long afternoon My faded shadow The laughter of children Running uphill Gettysburg Waiting up For their teenaged daughter Distinct fireworks Heavy rain The rotten boat Tries to float again Heavy rain In the farm belt Barbershops fill up Mudspattered pickup Four dogs watch The tavern door Gazing at the moon On a still summer's evening Feast for mosquitoes Clouds gather In a darkening sky A walk interrupted A true wonder of the world How she fills? Her Grand Canyon tshirt The silence Around our words Fireflies Winter Moon A tired old man In the mirror Tang of salt spray At a fishing pier Late summer Lighting the way With a jar of fireflies Childhood's last summer In the evening, coolness Of a verandah Hereyes reflect stars Night rain Chopins nocturne [Whispers it out] After a long night The singing of birds At dawn Cold night The hallway nightlight Flickers on and off Approaching Storm Even the gate Has lost its squeak Ash covers his school desk All the remains 8:17 am, Hiroshima, local time Brush in hand He carefully 816 local time, Hiroshima In a pile of rubble Lighthearted peeps are heard Rats, of course EB Tides Retreat And I grow older Recessionals Twelve years old Learning to pronounce Hiroshima An infant asleep On her mother's lap This heat Cheap motel The desk clerk Turns a blind eye Downtown Pointing the way With her cigarette Rumble of thunder Ruses, dawn Late summer in Miami Zen garden After each storm A clean slate Lunar eclipse His eyes on her frayed Jeans front Petal gust The street flutists Scrambled notes Blue Dawn The rain's last phrase On a glass pane Summer reading The dot of an I Moves down the page Harvest Moon The things I have left Undone Harvest Moon She tells him She's late They share A bruised apple Moonlit feast for two Harvest moon Too much light For field mice Summer rain's gone The river Finds its own channel His name On the black granite wall And we must ask why October rain All through the night My kidney stone Blood on barbed wire A pale moon reveals the crime Red fall foliage The Sun at noon Glorious Invasive species My barber points out My first white hairs Croton hedges With their faux fall foliage South Florida in autumn Tinted windows Through the gap His fingers wriggle, thanks Shortening days The petals fall In dust The moon And my wine glass Half full Town landfill Old timers Arguing politics Stock market report A stalled car In the intersection Day of the Dead All the leftover Halloween candy Hunter's Moon Searching For my keys To the Finland Station They rush To strike a deal for iPhones Cats, paws, crawling Across a lake's surface Morning silence Cold night I become The dog's pillow First snow An almost Perfect shave Fairweather clouds An ultrasound Of my next grandchild More piercing In the autumn, mist The Blackbird's song Sleeping! A golden dot on her ear Bus, forty one Effluent fountain Carried by the autumn wind Silt scent Behind the cafe The sound of children Or crows Her cooled tea In the middle of the table First snow Evening tram Her diamond on her nose A star Darkening skies The final hours Of the weekend Autumn morning The smell of fresh rain In my coffee Homebound ferry Thoughts zigzagging With the terns Hot summer day A bowl of picked berries Without sugar Beach House Unlocking the gate To the ocean In and out Of the haiku lesson The fragrance of the lilies Open window The moon's reflection In the toilet bowl Jogging at dusk Around the neighborhood The smell of garlic Five counties then At the horizon Betelgeuse Concert in full flow Mingling with the music The smell of cooking Washingup done Through netted windows A fading sunset First snow A walk through fallen leaves To my childhood November blossom A brightness to find What might have been lost? Deep autumn There's wind enough to winnow Wild Rice Our parting kiss A mixture of salt And sweet peppers Fog on the mountain Rain tapping the window pane Cup of tea steaming Her lips Beckoning mine Highway billboard Snow flurries My unborn granddaughters Heartbeat Gale winds The stone Buddha Remains centered Night watch In the sheperd's eyes A flock of stars Seafood tank Lobsters move slowly Far from Maine Winter solstice Inside the hollow tree Fire blackened After the storm Sticked to the window Two leaves side by side Rabbit and the Hawk An awful truth stains The fresh snow red Bone dust After cremation The Winter Sky Left behind His scent of aftershave On my cheek Wolf call In the distance Ice moon The hollow sound Of sacred earth landing Six feet below Late again The lights change In the evening, puddle Shortest day Three geezers paint The pub's front green Steam train Just over the wall A winterflowering cherry Black Friday Dipdyed desperation 'Vering down the mall' Autumn gale A month's mortgage payments Scan the lawn Christmas Day A present of rain On the pony's back Hunter's Moon The old tabby Refuses to come in In a shoebox All the candles Of uncelebrated birthdays New moon Forgetting Old acquaintances The blank page Learning nothing From the pine Aversed playground The graffiti Fades First date Trying not to talk To her cleavage Creed Moon The dog sleeps With one eye open Dusting off The Christmas lights Gibbou's moon Cold coffee The crunch of a Christmas ball Under foot Long night The waterfalls Iconic silence The bent nail Where garlic hung? Winter Moon Dead, robin It's breast still Burning red Waving goodnight After the party The chill The White Coffin She was buried in This winter light Recycling With each bottle The same resolution Morning, Mizzle The screech of a gull Far from the sea Beware of Dog Only the wildest flowers Go in there The visual feast Of the first plum blossom "Furth Moon" The river streaks pellmell On either side of Eel Pie Island Two pied wagtails At Hampton Court The river rises To medieval levels The forecast rain A queuejumper gets berated By everyone Bark beetles In the Ponderosa pine These gnawing doubts New sheets I remember Your hands Cold sunshine The stray orange cat Tucked into itself Sleety rain Fluted umbrellas Sold out Midwinter, thaw? An unscratched Lotterie ticket crowded train A clash Of perfumes The therapist says nothing I haven't told myself Rainless clouds Late night at the airport The shoe shine, man Polishes his own shoes Buenos Aires tango At the end of an alley The Big Dipper Wet wooly mittens Drying by the hearth side The smell of wet sheep The rhythmic lift Of her childbearing hips High tide Another way out A backdoor slammin In the wind Yellow Moon A glimpse of a porpoise easing upstream Apple slices Our last words In the knife's blade Enough terminal Headquarter News For ghosts Wolf Moon The sway Of her hips Winter temptation In the seed catalogues Perfect tomatoes Minnesota cold Even motorcycles Hibernate A touch Of bluegrass Spring Winter Storm Watch Beware of falling Stock prices Frosty morning The steam rising from roofs And my African coffee The noir Of a beetles carapace Passing rain Bobble and bounce Of the last marshmallow Hot cocoa Cutting flowers A honeybee lingers In the empty space The first scent Of pink jasmine Open book Almost spring Outside the embassy Plato polishing For seconds between Flood rains, the sunny colours Of market mangoes Like scattering tacks The forecast record rainfall On the bus's roof A butterfly Over the bouquets I tune out the speaker The wolf howl lingers Fades into the nights Eerie silence Returning from night shift My neighbour And his cat The old barn wall With every missing brick A swallow's nest Only the glow Of a paper lantern New moon Alighting On the edge of night Barn, owl Brussels sprouts Only the bitterness left On our table Breathing Storm How the clouds stir? In my coffee Offshoring jobs The last glow of sunset At the horizon Winter solstice The Persian cat's half Closed eyes Endangered winter More soft snow as we await A new grandchild midnight The silence beyond The streetlight Conformation The steady dripdripdripdrip Of maple sap Huddled cows Their steam thickens The valley, mist After the storm The wind chimes Realigning Roaring down the escalator? The scent of snow On damp coats Skin mapping The familiar constellations On his back Mardi Gras Burdbrods Thrang Sunday brunch His eyes on the crumb Kissing her cleavage Train window The landscape coming To a stop Almost spring Her pink scarf taken By the wind Sunday best His overalls Washed and ironed Tan lines And coconut oil High tide A furniture store Where the church used to be Vernal, Equinox Street of cafes Cherry blossom gusts Across the tables Hazel on the train A young woman's leg Straddles her boyfriends Creed Moon The fullness Of her hips Still, Pond Koi, swim Through the sky Tempest in a teapot My mother Serves me decaf Equinox An 18wheeler crossing The double yellow line Equinox Splitting The last of the wine Still wandering The empty corridor Cheap perfume Plum blossom The Haiku poet's mind Elsewhere? Spring sunshine On a high branch, a plastic bag Pucks out its chest Elevator An ex's scent Hanging Just passing through A parking lot where I saw Gone with the Wind At either end Of the twelvecarriage platform Spring, mist Morning, mist The fragrance Of strong coffee Beer, wine Time for that conversation About Mom The old oak tree Where we first kissed Marked with an X New photos Of my granddaughter Crocuses in bloom Twilight She tells me she has A spare toothbrush Easter sunset A redtinged cross Of contrails Nicely stacked The scents Of sawn timber Easter vigil Candle flames, tremble At our breath New leaves The same old face In the mirror Tornado watch Now available in HD My daughter's birthday A child's balloon Above the clouds Spring, mist My granddaughter cries In my arms Patriots Day A homeless veterans Weathered sign Dusk That song Still makes me cry Holy Week Three bare trees "Against a gray sky Brittle scent Of a summer storm Lightning's sillage Stable rain Where the bookstore? Used to be Class reunion An old friend's glance At my name tag Kite shop Entering with every customer The summer breeze Lupine pools Another memory stirs My nostalgia Globe, Lilies An empty place At the supper table Heat wave The cat opens one eye Hiding Early stars The weedchoked path To the compost Haiku potato chips Nobody can write Just one Crushed shell In the morning light The snail's last movements Deep fog I wish I had another Cup of tea Blurry stars The jasmine bloom Fills the air Sunless days The world locked in A pine cone Uphill Country Walk On the verge, wild plants Blogging in a carrier bag Dying light With its own tiny rainbow The Lakes Fountain Recycling point One bin's slot is sealed With a spider's web After warm rain By the river, the scent Of garlic, earth Flash of lightning The salesman's oily manner Slips Blealed driftwood The sand on the floor migrates To the dustpan Mist and rain From the Dark Church We walk into light Valet Lot Almost worth A haiku Canada Day This country and I Aging together? Ocean playground The way memories come and go With the tide Rail track Amidst the corn fields Bisected infinity Atop the high wall The intertwining of Barbed wire roses After brief rain Petrol rainbows appear On the tarmac "Stoleflowers in bloom" White flags Marking bodies High summer Where the shade stops? So does the dog? Not long till sundown In the willows A yellow frisb e e Another cloudy night I Google The moon phase Last light On the allotment The glow of a fag dimp Summer clouds Not enough paint to hide The graffiti Pickup Butterfly's and Flies in the butter Poor neighborhood A dog barking at the end Of a rope Day Moon The jellyfish we spot From the end of the pier The heat wave broken Morning coffee sweetened With a cool breeze Suns rise The voices of Crows Lift it higher Coming home The scent of the ocean Before the sound Labor Day A fly buzzing around The leftovers Open jalousies The missing scent Of his cologne Wine Moon The heat in the kitchen So close Starless night The cyclist Without lights Hawk on a fence post First light The rain a kind of mist Clear, Vause o Roses Deep in the watter Muckle breers Labor Day And still No labor A chill Just before the drizzle Wind, chime notes Awaken! In the dark The darkness [Still Path] I make way For the butterfly Even after 30 years The scent of honeysuckle One summer night Monday morning Ant traffic on the main stem Of the rose Full moon A pear hanging This side of the wall As old as I feel On a gray morning Autumn, Equinox Evening calm Her garden, the color Of moonlight First dawn alone The widow eats his half Of the orange Autumn leaves I follow Their drift Where the carpet? Is wearing thin? Autumn, sunlight Tai Chi Slicing the morning mist In quarters In the hedge The lighted windows Of a train Tea in China cups The wet afternoon perfumed With tangerine peels Autumn light Nobody I know In the obits Autumn chill The silence Of the bee hive Cloudy skies Different shades of shadow In the cauliflower Roadkill, pheasant All the blustery colours Of autumn Frost burn High windows, blaze With sunlight Glistening frost The slow blue arc Of a buzzard Deep in the woods Leaves drifting over What used to be a wall? Morning fog An empty Tequila bottle Sleeping! On the subway floor The unknown soldier Veterans Day The old dogs Gray muzzle Oak stump I remember the Hornets Last summer Apple Core How to bottle? Memories Lee of the Storm The jagged edges Of the new pothole Thanksgiving night An empty parking lot At the nursing home Thanksgiving rain The unblinking eyes Of a shelter dog Thanksgiving rain The dog No one wanted 'Always at the bar The missing letters? In a neon light New moon The doctor schedules A biopsy Double whisky Everything glistens In the mist Overcast Until a white moth lands On my phone screen Wind, chime A text brings news Of his death Bad beer The stock market Goes flat Mixed precipitation She tells me I look good For my age Enlightment A police car On fire Late night date Sand in her bra All day long Party over The snap crackle of logs In an empty room Geminid's a couple Of white pills before I go to bed WASHING Day The search For matching socks Christmas leftovers My mother forgets Why she called? The sudden chill A fresh layer of ice On the fire escape Fresh snow Beginning the new year With a clean slate First morning The marks of a moth In old laundry A lamb's cry Scudding clouds over The cemetery wall Year's end The time it takes a contrail To dissolve My 72nd winter The deepening cold In every room The window cleaner's ladder Leaves two small holes In the planet Oh, a cold rain Again fills the river With circles Moss on the roof [ tiles] First one cat Then another Year's end There's a hearse In the fast lane All I need are mountains And a hedgehog Autumn deepens Wild wind On dry sedge What more on her mind? Mixed precipitation A flat finish On Wall Street A long meeting Permanent marker On the erasble whiteboard Sipping absin'the The impressionist painting Of night Urban incense A steaming Manhole cover Sailing the seas Of my subconscious Her fishnet stockings Cold snap The junkyard dogs Heavy chain Wolf Moon Suddenly I see her In a different light Hagel Storm Rearranging gravel In the Zen garden Winter rain A flowered umbrella At the funeral The curved back Of a garden Buddha Winter rain All the birds Unnamed on the fence Spring rain Sleep disorder The gas station lights Keep me company The halftruths In a welllit room Midnight's rain The cold cry Of a magpie First light of day Winter driving Almost blinded By a sundog Work done My shadow reaches The sunlit laurels All the suns That we can muster Winter, Celandine First, pussy willow I open my notebook Of unfinished poems A ladder, leans In the scent of apples Orchard fog Drifting jet trails Half a haiku searches For enlightenment Creed Moon The new home still full Of echoes Winter window Closed to the cold Purple orchid Spring cleaning Long neglected baseball cards See the light of day The evasive look Of a teen without make up First buds After the storm The streets Have no names Early autumn The Golden Highlights In her green hair Bus stop The winter dance Of cold feet Smell of rain All the ways We failed each other Cherry trees Fifty Shades Of pink Winter roses I am tired of reading Between the lines Mudslide! The last rain of 2005 Segues into 06 New Year's Ballrooms The pregnant woman Staring at the mirror Cloudy sunset A lone traffic light Turns red First snow Next to the new calendar A clean slate New widescreen TV Watching junk in High definition Scrabble Dictionary Lighting one candle From another Friday, the 13th A bit of volcanic ash In the winter fog Night of stars In the next room My sick mother Winter solstice The fog lifts from a tree Filled with ravens Closing time An expensive fingernail On the mall floor January, freeze Koi, chase each other Above the television Groundhog Day Sharing a sausage? With friends Autumn seabreeze A film of salt forms On his glasses Grey morning A whale on the beach lies Shrouded in fog Beyond blossoms Under the cherry tree White snow cover Migrating swallows She tells me She'll pray for me Things come and go Raindrops On the pine My stone Buddha Sits in the dark Snow, snow, snow Breezy afternoon Running my hands Across the cool sheets Yellow Winter roses Mist over the garden Sound of fog horn At midnight The fog horn in the mist Yellow Roses Biting cold Frost on the nail heads Of the old fence What was a storm? Now lies wet and white On the ground A layer of ice Forms on the red sleigh February rains High tide Feeling the moons pull In the waves Creed Moon She is cutting her nails In the garden Meditating and Resplendent in sunlight She finally swats the fly Cherry blossoms Patients line up at the clinic Sweet scent In the rainforst Moss hung trees Sound of silence I check the calendar To see if this is a special day International Women's Day Late Winter The yellow rose's still out Soft feel of snow In a vase Twelve blue Irises Late winter storm March sunrise Rays of red and gold through clouds A fishing boat returns Spring rain A man standing outside The bus shelter Snowflakes A Robin's flight From tree to tree She tucks the sonogram photo Back in her wallet Spring sun Moon hare Bloody gloves lay On the ice Empty eyes Gaze at a poppy field Journeys end 24 hour store Caranda, flowers fall Day night Morning sun The long shadows Of little stones The barn doors open Dry leaves sweep In the muddy yard First spring snow I release my soul in My first yoga class Porn shop Each cock Starks at her Heavy March rain The Daffodils hang their heads My heavy thoughts Clear Spring night Again, I am thinking of you Waiting for stars to fall Moon over cedars In the rainforest Smell of you Five years of haiku In a large paper box On top, the cat The morning birds Such a clear, sweet sound Making my bed A Rainy cool day Promise of Kona coffee From Honolulu Belated and elated Your gift of a blue candle For my birthday In the early morning Down on the white beach A turtle without eyes Spring Full moon New roses Instant message Moon reveals more Of herself each night The stone bullfrog Under the bird feeder Just sits My pregnant daughter Watches The stone bullfrog High tide Yesterday's footprints Gone! Customs declaration Only the memory Of Euucalyptus Customs declaration determining the value Of new haiku Spring day The Wall clock Still winter Appalachian Springs Carbide carbuncles In the coal oil light [ subway window] She smiles at My reflection 'Sale again One plane flies to south Another to North Looking at her Childhood photos My girlfriend, older than me First light Broken blue shell Under the maple Tea party over Lipstick Smiles remain Evening thunder Robin calls echo Across the park Late night jazz The singer's voice sounds dark In the smoky cafe midnight The stallions single kick "Against the wall Quiet, stable The sudden force Of horse piss Dwarf The first raindrops Bounce! Dust! Distinct thunder Moves on Cloudy day The Rainbow Flag Waves On a balcony Bus stop A woman's perfume In the air After the argument The storm clouds also Break up! Spring morning Those young men have noticed What she's not wearing? Old Western Black hats, white hats In Shades of Gray Cinco de Mayo I walk downhill to watch The moon rise again Spring Storm Overripe bananas In the kitchen Spring morning Flies return To a crab carcass Almost summer Eating an especially Ripe Mango Terminal His favorite ice cream Melts in the cup New snow I almost forget Our quarrel Early spring Young women collecting Peach blossoms After midnight A shooting star beneath The wharf Midsummer She shares with me A ripe, Melon No longer a Mirror this lake chasing Geese into darkness At the cottage Last year's mosquitoes On the bedroom wall Spring cleaning Painting over Last year's mosquitoes Three petals fall From the Purple Coneflower Almost summer A boy and his dad Playing catch out back Long shadows Main Street Ribbons that used to be Yellow Arguing downstairs? She shuts the windows In her doll house Ebb tide They suddenly have Cold feet Bonfire smoke We talk about Our disappointments Exposed roots The tree outside her Childhood home Punctuation A rose petal falls From the vase Stable rain A little salt In my beer Fooneral Mass In the bicker A deid flee Brightening sky After the eclipse A skylark's song Bird song Pulling me out of a dream First day of spring Haiku group The discussion stops For a robin Hurklebane surgery On the wa Degas ballerinas Lazy rain The solitary blackbirds Dawn Chorus Snowmelt My neighbor and I forget We're not speaking Midnight rain Now, every minute The grass greening Good Friday The outstretched arms Of the espalier pear How high into? The Hillside Cemetery The fog tide rolls The last of the boxes Finally moved out Cloud covered sunset Handing off the keys A chill wind hustles The end of April A homeless man Rises from the sidewalk Easter morning A vause O wullflooers Lichtenin the kirk Day long weeding The last dandelion Under my bench She tells me I missed A beautiful sunrise Black, no sugar Winter sun The slow dripdrip Of an icicle Starry night A million words Unspoken Children's voices Who will tell the dandelion? It's a weed Her obituary The things we did That summer Imagine A field of dandelion fluffs Before the wind House renovation The magic mushrooms He hid 25 years ago Ghost town A rooster, Crows For no reason at all End of the road Three big dogs With nothing to do An oasis In the Bible Belt Adult book store Jasmine Under the stars His blue eyes Wine sapped moon The distance beyond Her lover's wife Ferocious storms Wahened by the wet Of a dog tongue Dark news The comfort Of Crows Sunny spell So sensual, the necks Of daffodils How can he love so much? Warm evening light On the waving dog's tail Two Swans The progress Of twilight Forgetmenots Our white dog shakes off Pale blue stars Remembering you? Cold and warm On the same breeze Day break Half a pale blue Egg shell Memorial Day We try to remember When the war began Morning, mist We follow the scent Of slow moving cows Ibiscus Under the eaves Frost burned petals Winter sunlight On rumpled linen Those slow hands Clothes dried on the line A spring morning Still in the folds The old town Even now, the rough stones Splash up the warmth Early morning walk Reaching through the mist For wild berries A walk to the beach The asphalt road changes To sand Craw an leprone Flee aff Tae cum yin Anti social behaviour All night, the wind Kicks a can around Starless night I can't believe The weekend is over After the rain A puddle filled With stars Aversed school A soft breeze ripples Through the weeds After the conference Pigeon's feasting On crumbs Still, Pond A dragonfly lands On the moon Several thunderstorm warning A murder Of Crows "Dancing fades" My mother asks The same question twice Summer Butterfly A girl wearing a white dress In the morning breeze Amid war And rumors of war Another grandchild Her black hair Vils our praying hands Hospice Church at Dusk Twilight Moon A hole in the chestnut Fills with stars Wildflowers Along my neighborhood wall Soften her voice Unexpected guest A thought came out Of nowhere Omaha Beach The sound of wave After wave Memorial Day Old enough to remember A time between wars Spring Dawn With the returning geese My mind takes flight In the depths Of her sunglasses Blue sky some Solstice day Park grass pale Where the fairground? Siller sin A drapt, Quinie I'the burn Thirteen elephants After the storm The cockerels waking Walking home After the rainbow A crescent moon White sheets on the line Slowmotion clouds In the summer sky Wild Roses The iron trellis Tights to one side Fireworks over The silence Of the stars Piercing stones All along the promenade Cigardas and Ringtones Too hot to shop Wasp's drinking from? A town fountain Lit caunles [ Trouts as they mouten Nagasaki day Clemati's climbing Climbing through The climbing rose Liggin hert tae hert Tentie O the rackets Wedding Day In the bride's eyes The groom's smile Family home The grain of the wood Enters his hands Curly morning, clouds Half round The moon and me Dream catcher The shifting colours Of rain A granita before The afternoon shift Short shadows Two moons Somewhere between ports She tells him it's over Longening shadows Things best, said In a letter Hindsight A field of Cut stalks Tree, burl Summer reveals My old scars Our shadows Leaning on the railings On the pond Wind, chime My phone picks up A wifi hotspot Falled apples The constellation of The gardener Looking for something In the bottom of a cup The low autumn sun Just over the fence A constellation of stars And trucks Cold stethoscope I lie to the doctor About my drinking Hurry up! To cross the trail Reliable snail Mistfall The swansongs Of orb spiders Hard frost The snailhammerings Of a song, Thrush Autumn days The weight of my life's Unpicked apples Death of a friend More leaves Turning brown Indian simmer Bummers Lang sheddaes Hazard lights Through raindrops October leaves Kirkstone Pass A sheepdog gathers It's part of the world Tired new mom Brown leaves Falling from the green trees The tang of hot tar Carried on a breeze Summer's end Cold Moon The sound of my words In her eyes The heat A silent fountain Drenched in moonlight Trick or treat I promise the vampire The dog won't bite The moon Not quite full But full enough The silence Between us Filled with sunlight A wasp Dying in the web Last apples Spring frost The park cannon aimed At the church Harvest Moon "Grass gone to seed" On the tennis court Late afternoon The fulness Of the cows, udder Late summer Butterfly wings, clap A little slower Dead cat! Openmouthed To the pouring rain Shaking the stone from her shoe? A white opal swings From between her brown breasts Huddled smokers Another conversation About The Cloud Forgetting to ask For the seniors rate Falling leaves A dew drop Full Of autumn light Another day Another apple crumble Autumn deepens My wife Home from hospital Ibiscus in full bloom Smoke on the wind Midnight's every breath Tastes of fire Grey Autumn Day Knowing when it's time In my bones Where trees bloom? With egrets at dusk The quiet sky At the deep end Of a winter day Birdsong In the walled garden The scent Of decaying apples Thanksgiving My mind wanders To my dead brother Domestic terrorism Winter moths At the door Autumn leaves My fear Of falling Unknowns Waiting for the wind To cry again Sunday Eve The Blues moan softly Across the pond Storm clouds Billowing in the wind A stranger's coat Deep Canyon The grand voice Of a tiny wren Desert night A constellation of tents Glows, yellow Mason's at work Crawling along the stone wall Afternoon fog Christmas lights High above the street, a skein Of twilight geese Home for Christmas The fruitcake we always Pretended to like Moving day My shadow by the pond One last time Growth rings A child sings her way Around a tree My missing pen The cat pretends sleep On a winters eve Blackbird song The name of a daughter I'll never know Winter Park White wings and blue lights Flashing Photo archive The ice skater's grins Freezed in time Snow turns to rain Wondering when? It all went wrong War Fathers Boring sons Winter solstice The street sweeper picks up A glass half full Carousel music I still see my brother On the painted pony Husband at work The mailman knocks To see the newborn Just west of dawn An earful of geese Heading south The grey sound Of a boat's emptiness Cold dawn rain On the morning side Of the River's End Rising star Puddles of sky A child's first step In the clouds Frost On the spent firework casing New Year's Day Snow flurries My unborn grandchild's Perfect fingers Sticked behind A schoolbus Thunderclouds Creed Moon Leaning her head "Against my shoulder Iconic conditions Another slide On Wall Street Converting to condos The nightclub Where we met In a dark place Quietly fermenting Homebrew New moon Time to lose The beard Enoughing the wine bottle Another conversation About Mom My stock portfolio Puddles filled With winter rain occupying Wall Street The Ghosts Of my retirement dreams That recurring dream In which I pull the fire alarm And run Epiphany Jesus and Mary Stopped at the border Epiphany The gift of a dead mouse At the door Not softened By Sepia Tones Images of war First thaw Someone should have warned The daffodils Crow after Crow The morning darkens With biblical rain Honking through the darkness Long before their shapes The twilight geese Steamy sex In the church parking lot Amazing Grace The pastor's daughter Her Sunday dress The color of bruises After the bell Just the rain on the umbrellas Asses to ashes For just a moment The warmth of our tears Cold rain Final approach She pencils in Her eyebrows [Wrinking snow] An unfinished Haiku The Dow falls Rose petals In the wind Between doses Of cough medicine Silence Following me Downriver to work The pastel moon Sharp night A thin plume of smoke From the fire station Clothes, renovation Removing all her clothes? She nails the carpenter Afternoon tryst Thunder bangs overhead In the sticky heat Twilight A crickets Slightly silence Budget cuts A crescent moon On the horizon Ash Wednesday A dusting Of snow Police, sirens Another night Without the moon On my smartphone Mount Fuji in the sunset Morning coffee Between train tracks Recumbent beer bottles Beset by frost The line of poplars Blacken's a mackerel sky February blues Partly cloudy I remember the face But not the name Intertwined In my washing machine My daughters, bras Whiskey Moon A morning after At the bottle's end A lake Brimming with mountains Trout ripple the sky In my rear view mirror The moon On full beam Hard frost Wrapping myself up against The breakfast news Winter bleak Under the rail bridge Graffits blooms Seed catalog The colours of A winter daydream Cabin walls Feeling my way through A wilderness night "Against my skin The roughness of firewood Hoar frost! My umbrella Reflipped in the wind Uncertainty days Rain on the river When does white become? It's darkest colour Waiting for the train A huddled mass Of smartphones Zazen That fly battering itself "Against the sunny window Morning meditation A steaming Manhole cover Winter rain The dog and I Exchange sighs Sleeping at the wheel The Ghost Cabbie Of my nightmares Gibbou's moon She's not telling The whole truth Twohour meeting Shadows creep Across the table Frost on the windshield I remember how much I drank last night Spike year Looking a her twins A squinting woman Less cars In front of the brothels Valentine's Day Heavy snowfall A hawk on a fence post Almost white Evening coffee Wisps of fog rise From the Bayou The lilac in bud A cloud with storm in it Swells over the bay Homesick Sundown just behind The fence Spiting seeds In a blue sky The old elm Saffron, smudges In the evening sky Birdsong Snow flurries Trying to remember? When I first turned gray Secluded highway We turn The radio off Winter rain A birthday reminder For a dead friend Stopping! For the fire truck Cigardas Sneaking out Through the bathroom window Steam meets fog First glimpse Of her mastectomy bra Winter rose Hospice, Verandah A girl opens her mouth To spring rain Spike of the wind Talk of war fading In silence First kiss Behind the bookshelf Her scent lingers Blind date Cobra Tattoo Rising From her cleavage Summer's end My footprints in the sand A little deeper Almost spring The Florist Waters Her sidewalk Evening calm Pot smoke wafts up From under the bridge Family dinner Our teen speaks In hashtags Long winding road The length Of our quarrel Spring Storm A small blue feather In the cat's whiskers The bottle empty But my head still Full of you Bedtime story Scribbles of rain Across the window Metro station Ads as only light The day after the bombs Peapers in the wind My neighbors practise Taichi Between sunrise And my bed An owl flies home A dog's bark Wavers in the wind Evening shadows Another year Those crossed out names In my address book My neighbors April tree is blooming Secondhand love Overcast The first blooms Of April On the edge Of almost too far Crushed chili pepper Picket fence I bury my cat On the sunny side All the quiet Gone from the pond First Bullfrog St Patrick's Day The first green buds On the old tree Writer's block Heating up The leftovers Starless night I finish the wine Too quickly [Wrinking snow] The nurse searches For a pulse A neat pile Of all your letters Before I burn them Crickets In imperfect Harmony Spring cleaning Croning her out Of a photograph News of his relapse How slowly? The rain falls Moonless night Apologies made In the passive voice Early Bird Special At least fifty Shades of grey Love again The scent of Cypress After rain One by one Fireflies escape my glass jar Starry night The rice song Mother sang to me First spring rain Spring chill One kitten left Without a nipple Ripening apples Unable to button My summer dress Mile after mile Of corral fencing Wind in the clover Passing cloud? Her pause Before the lie Dispatched wind Fragments of conversation Drift from a pub Spring buds The first batch of tadpoles In the meadow pond The skipping stone All the way across End of summer Autumn chill One little cricket Sings to the moon Cooler mornings The honey slows down From the spoon Wild beaches In winter time Take me there Home alone Sound of my fork On the pasta bowl Alongside the train tracks Secrets of orchids Under moonlight Stormy weather A clarinet Blues afternoon Trains approaching Someone on a platform Reading to the moon Ides of March Celebrating the return? Of buzzards Day settles down To this world of dust Evening Zazen Seeing where? That argument is headed Spring dust storm A long winter Bevel on the mirror Throws a rainbow Silving a white marble In its matchbox Voodoo Moon First date Wondering if the hat? Is too much? Platform 9 Through the glass roof, the shapes Of swooping gulls From nowhere To nowhere Bridge in fog On a clear day From the pulp mill Clouds appear From under the dock Come the Canada geese One by one A day of sun After many of rain My dirty windows Dirty snow The conductor flirts With school girls Campfire Steaming pot And shoes Stable drizzle A snore from the man On the next yoga mat Moonless night A bath oil bead Melching in the rain Winter Doldrums The rain drips from Plastic candy canes Half moon Mom's birthday Without mom A dog stares His cataract eyes The colour of moons New moon Blue shadows in grey light And week old snow Early winter He chooses to read Old soup recipes End of the year Tracks along the edge Of thin ice Full moon Last week's snow Slips from a wire Sunset Fisherman rests River flows on Splended words I arrange little magnets Looking for Haiku Children's voices From under the grass Concrete bunker White Mountains As quick as it can Train passes by Winter solstice Each day, the boy's smile Wider Six years Presents under the tree Still wrapped [Rosseyes] Croaches Heroins and cracks In pavements and minds Black ice The doctor would like To run more tests New moon The darkness Within A mother's vigil The rhythm Of the ventilator Mezcal morning The church bells Out of sync New construction Chopping down My childhood Over Monday, coffee The conversation shifts to The Walking Dead End of the weekend I finished that beer Too quickly My retirement plan The ripples In a mud puddle Under candlelight She tells me About her scars Spring, sleet He hisses Through clenched teeth City lights The glitter Of broken glass Spring rain My tears fall for the nestling The cat gifts me Spring cold snap My garden spade turns up Half a worm Moving day Cottonwood Seeds drift Past my window Ripening cherries The Cardinal's wife settles Deep in the nest Wildflowers The many voices Of a blue Jay Around the campfire We wait For the milky way Graffition Night All these stars Sprayed everywhere How else to know? The shape of the breeze Dance blossoms After the cranes The sky refills With silence Prairie afternoon The grassy taste Of every breath Outgoing tide What sand remembers? Of night Prairie Between heaven and earth An eagle A fork in the trail The wind takes Our old map A pigtailed girl Outside the Cancer Center Morning, glories Her nose print On the hospice window A patch of sunlight Snow on snow The depth of night In this attic Gaza at twilight Crying old tears At a new funeral A crows cry The winter sky darkens In the prairie A long line of cars Behind the hearse Migrating snow geese Between cries Of neighbors, baby Symphony No 9 Traveling Far away in thought Hospice window Harvest Moon Rising A tremble In the Migrant's voice Therapy session Winter rain on the window Deepens the silence A white butterfly Flitting through the stillness Church grave yard Distinct, sirens Over the border bridge A blood moon Winter night Without the heat Of his company All the typos In her apology Spring winds Leaving home? A curve carved off The moon Near dusk A flash of gold In the herons beak Iconic pavement Unopened buds shrink and fall From the trees Early spring One morning, the clang of Strictly poles Night shift still I put on some make up To lighten my darkness Green rimmed eye A glimmer of youth buried In the fading iris Riverside wedding The flower girl Picks a dandelion Terrassengrten From a quiet corner The sound of a zither Maple tree The scars Of its healings Seeds catalogue In the mail The spring in hand Forest Trail My thoughts meander The fragrances Just where? Creek becomes river The rain begins Tuning out the news On the back porch Barn swallows After our quarrel The frog resumes His croaking Spike day Sitting on my suitcase I make it fit After The Kite Festival Stars Poetry workshop Men compare Fountain Pens Waiting room Ivy growing On the outside wall City bound train A book and a suitcase Full of stars Around the headstone Of one who died at twenty Windpuffed Primroses Window cleaner The masks we wear At the office Dandelions Two drinkers unzip By the path Scrunchedup clouds A blue plastic bag In the nettles Drifting fog An acquaintance I'd rather not meet Old friends The garden fading In twilight Frog by frog The marsh erupts With dusk [ snails] Siller runes Tells o muinlicht Pink Moon A taste Of what comes next? After the rain My mother forgets Who I am? crowded cafe The barrista misspells My name From a windowless room The ocean view On my screensaver Cold spring rain Where I buried? The puppies The Big Dipper Rows of corn connect Farm to farm The snake's dead skin Left in the driveway Mustang Cobra Night deepening The office secretary adjusts Her lowcut top Slightly news Of her breast cancer I add Writing haiku My wine glass fills With sunlight Divorce, talk Each sip of tea more bitter Than the last All day rain The refrigerators Ommmmm Old Pond Oil slick rainbows Slip in Slightly rain And then I remember Earth Day Shouldering coals? The rattle of blue crabs In a metal bucket Sun blaze The flash of chrome Outside a biker bar Turning seventy I walk outside to see it The almost full moon Industrial decay The dripping rust In heavy rain Night rain We jump in neon puddles And breathe rosemary Fraternity Train The night runs out Of breath Nighttime whoosh? A city train Fades Car park, puddle I walk through The sky First blossoms Three speckled eggs In the wren's nest Punctuating A moonless night The cries of Geese Concert under the stars A drop of sweat lost In her dcolletage Unconcerned With divorce rates Mating butterflies Spring morning One egg left In the fridge Memory care unit Snowflakes melting On the window Internet dating A butterfly flitting From rose to rose Honeymoon site Grandmother Revists By herself Stationary front The same haiku I wrote yesterday Invisible on radar The lingering mist Between us Thunder clouds He tells me how many days He's been sober Musselblue skies The cherry blossom bright By the brick wall Afterparty We blow out candles To hear the stars Her hips Sway our debate on sex Summer heat The cold moon I recycle a dream From my youth Aversed home An old life laid to rest Among weeds and trees Humid morning The scent of lilacs Fills each breath Cold foggy night Only the echo Of a buoy's bell The first dusk of May It's suddenly there A pale orange poppy Headlights In the dust storm Old friends Rainy afternoon Hot pikelets With butter and honey Rearview Mirror "Pericans with sunrise" On their wings Running home? An empty mind Full of jasmine Field of dandelions Thousands of wishes Going unused Night rain Drumming on My mind Mother's Day She wears her best apron To wash the dishes News of An old lover's death Long into the night [Windfall] Apple Eye to eye with the worm That found it first Summer stars She tells a lie Without blinking Moonbeams A clump of mushrooms Where the birds buried? Summer haze Mothers faded notes For Dewberry jam Husband gone His watch ticks its last tock At her garage sale Out of the well By the bucket, I hunt A moon Boyhood friends Home once again Side by side Sacrified ground A bumblebee tastes Every poppy Morning fog Only the ducks cry Passes overhead Just after midnight Sounds become heartbeats Coyote song Honoring those who've served By wearing camouflage In front of the TV Guarding The suburban lawn A smiling Buddha Gibbou's moon Her unfinished Tattoo Delta blues A bead of sweat On my beer bottle Hand in hand White petals blossom As we pass Plunging a knife In the watermelon The heat End of an affair The ligustrum tree No longer in bloom Alone by candlelight Thinking of that spring we met And another spring Spicy chicken This impulse to ask If she's married Church graveyard A cloud of crows hover Over stone angels Photoshopping My wedding pictures Winter solstice Night rain Never too old For a lullaby Crossroads A spiderweb spans Both signs Open window The promise Of purple clover Half moon Only broken crackers In the tin Revision notes Brushing sand In the gaps Pointing Every which way Cut tulips Winter solstice The reverse side Of the needlepoint Quietly joining The conversation Prairie stars Painted clouds The pause before Answering fine In and out Of the rusted shed Moonshine Dusk The old gate sags In its shadow Leaping into A glass of Merlot Moonlight through the pines Cloud with thunder The way he says Whatever Approaching Storm The silence Between us Seniors dance The occasional rush Of Cologne Lullabies Of suburban Night trains Stable drizzle A rainbow fades In the grey Above the oil refinery Moon sails Seaward Dark early Sepia Roses Under street lights Storm watch Scars I've learned To love After the stroke Only half A smile Spended candle Reading the last page By first light Restless dreams But there you are Morning sky In the rubble Of my childhood home Wild flowers In the hospice An out of tune piano helps Her sing without words After surgery Both of us said nothing Her red bra A new moon Mother's letter heavy With voices from the past Stonehenge Smell of lemon From the hotel soap Light breeze The desire of my skin For touch Eyelids closed Window open Whatever story? Shadows, a window ledge Just big enough to hold Two doves Sparks In the heat of blue Dragonflies Rustle Stadium All that remains Are Bird Songs? Long day A warm breeze carries The smell of the brewery A day At the beach June 6 Old Teahouse A swear word from The green parrot Good news The headlines blurred In morning rain Almost dawn Thoughts of you When we were us Biker, couple Covering their tattoos With sunscreen Ocean View The old dog On a leash Enough Ferris wheel The last time We kissed Crossing the border? Without a passport Great blue heron Strawberry Moon The ribbon In my granddaughter's hair Another meeting Stomaching My cold coffee Heat lightning The first drop of sweat On her chin Ripened tomatoes The last colour Of sunset Leaden Sky The weight Of the dead sparrow A whispering Among my kinfolk Wind in the cypresses Sultry afternoon Wood Pigeons, cooing From the shade Summer night love Whatever the neighbors Are cooking? Summer solstice The sun reaches the cobwebs In the corner 200 miles This plum blossom On my windshield Wild poppies [ gusts of music from] The midsummer fair Cold night Not one silver track On the footpath High sun His daughter On his shoulders Dinner at sunset Rainbow bubbles On the Koi Pond Neighbours shouting From the wild grapes Multiple bird calls Rainbow flags The haunting sounds Of amazing grace Another tragedy Evening curls quietly In the pond Summer firelight The memory of a dog Nuzzles my hand For a moment The heat is so cold Deep South Days o weet [ snailpooer] On the muive The coastal road Spinnakers fill With sunset Stormwater A latenight Visitor Overcast night The mouse trap Snaps Summer rain The Garden Ggnomes Weary smile Threatening sky The hum Of a power line Even the memory Of winter is melted Blazing summer day Enough lot And still those tulips Where once was a garden? Dusty seashell The words he whispered In my ear Ripened tomatoes The busy shadow Of my straw hat No sound From a crows gaping beak Sultry afternoon Beach vacation Every night between the sheets A little more sand Between downpours Orchestral swell through A half open window Through a wine glass The swaying of Feathy grass heads Eightythird birthday I read the directions One more time A fish breaks The rivers calm Heat haze Lost in thought The sound of wavelets At the edges Pond of dust A butterfly's quest For a flower Troubled Times The grace of sunset On a summer day A whiff Of distant Coppertone Sea breeze Writing, I love you In the pollen dust On her windshield Hay Moon The farmer's daughter In heels The enlightened man Wearing lipstick? On his collar Starless night The deep croak Of a bullfrog The scent Of sun and rain First summer, Peach Stormwater So longing For you Oolong Pekoe Degusting each sound Homesick A hot wind rattles The cottonwood leaves Lilac shadows Scale the garden wall Slip off into the woods The sound of heat Everything is Cigardas As still as midnight Hanging in the moss The dying moth Passing Storm Bits of sky settle In the treetops crowded train The bright red glare Of her lipstick Anniversary A few weeds In the rose bed Summer winds Pieces of moon Through the willow Long afternoon The occasional tapping Of a screen door A butterfly Tattooed on her buttock Summer heat Walking the old path In secondhand shoes New moon Rain on the bayou Just enough moon To silver the ripples First notes Of a buskers, Clarinet Summer River Autumn chill Adding the battery? In my mouse After the rainstorm Last drops from the roof Heels the silence The time it takes to learn How to be silent? Blue Mountains Between Cassiopeia And me Fireworks Fraternity Train Night The restless Dreams Lone guest gone The ticking Of the parlor clock In the darkening yard The sun strikes The cockscomb's red Between the treetops And bright stars Pucks of white clouds drift Late night With Ryokan I warm the rice wine Held together By its label A crushed whiskey bottle Whatever the weather His soft smile The Buddha in the garden Wretched in places To the bare wood The Golden Buddha Travelers still catch The Greyhound there The boarded up diner Rain at graveside Preaching clothes Dried a deeper hue After the burial A day, moon Rising He looks perplexed The scarecrow Chest deep in the River's flood Zazen The hum Of the Fridgidaire Bridge night Trying to remember? Our last passionate kiss Flag ceremony The old vet's uniform Hangs loosely Another flood A different voice In the bayou On his third try The fish hawk wins Summer games Only a fish nibbling a lily pad Morning fog Dry thunder On the tip of my tongue The scent of rain Ripe wheat fields Listening to the swoosh swoosh As rain clouds approach Sunrise On the bayou Water lilies Summer twilight The instructions For my ashes Bloodtinted soil Where the sugar plantation? Used to be [Smell pencil marks] On the wall Her dead child's room The smell Of summer heat Roadkill Relative sign In its shadow A dollhouse One by one Frogs make holes in the pond Starry night Valet Lot Overgrown With Queen Anne's lace And car parts Garden stones Pearled by wind and rain Indian summer Mountain thunder The birds change Their tune Orion rises Dragging Autumn behind him Late August morning Roman Road I carry the dust Further north To paint a graveyard Grey again Autumn rain Piece Of a butterfly wing Autumn chill A crow On the wire Silent rain Cooking together? A touch of cinnamon On my lips Foggy morning Blazing with bittersweet The cemetery wall Leaden clouds The way the bare trees Support them End of summer Strokes of an abandoned kite Flutter in the wind Longening days Even the morning glory A shade bluer Sweet peas Sclimin The jyle palin Summer haze Someone murmurs Alzheimer's Harvest Moon Her updated Relationship status A latch clicks On the vacant house Winter solstice First day of spring The lingering scent Of rare books Edge of the woods Some things I may not want To know End of summer We no longer know What sleeps in the barn? Valley wedding The scent of gun smoke Coming uphill Nobody's tree On the highest branch The perfect apples Moon silence The sound of a mouse Comes between us Standing silently In autumn rain The old cypress Fifty years Of letters, journals Flash flood Summer night Somewhere a saxophone On born to run Wildflower bouquet Taking the ladybug? Back outside Sultry day The tumult of rain On my umbrella A hole in the meadow Lowering The farmer's body Park bench She puts acorns In his ears Supermarket On a Sunday morning Stairway to Heaven Roadside A strip of painkillers [Elevated] Before the bridal party Unfashionably early Rain arrives A crack In the pavement Yellow Freesias Sun Rising Suddenly the sumac Bursts into flame Climbing the walls Of the disused youth club Flowering hops Summer Storm The windscreen wipers Slice our silence Fightworks show The migrant speaks of the home He left behind Whale sighting All the smart phones Lined up on the deck Late summer Copper Wishes collect In the bottom of the well Indian summer The sweeping can wait For another day Off the trail On the trail (Grassley) Farm auction Fields filled with goldenrods And asters Troubled sleep Sparks From a hightension wire Early autumn A round orange leaf Curled on the pavement Sunday morning The jasmine climbs A cloud higher Night bus stop The plop of a Styrofoam cup And swirl of coffee A love letter In mother's handwriting Asters gone to seed Patient, old donkey Waiting for her morning, Hay Gray August sunrise This spring's fragrance Were it a woman, I'd? Follow wherever His eyes Watching their eyes Watching her Spry this morning Island's drowned in the mist Red lights of the bridge Somewhere In the autumn haze Crane's calling Traffic jam A crow flutters in the place Over the bridge City Peak Hour Happily lost In sunset, sky art In the far shadows Something swimming Or a log? An orange and pink sky From the pulpmill, a grey cloud On the cool Spring day Grey and blue Spring morning The lumber mill making clouds My first cup of Melitta Waiting for The loon to surface I hold my breath Foggy day On the Verrazano The car vanishes Traffic lights Just enough time To scribble a poem Sea, mist Watching the seal Watching me House for sale The apricot tree in bloom As never before Full moon Even the dilapidated barn Looks majestic A hint of blue still In the passing of these clouds Sip of coffee Airraid Alarm Traffic lights are working For no one Her long legs I walk right into A spider web Looking at The mirror's reflection Is that really you? At 12:01 He takes his bath In last century's water Night wind The moon in a corner Of the window Do I know you? My young face looks ta me From an old photo Moonless night Dead silence, but for One cricket March sunshine The distant call Of a robin Evening mist In the distance A yelping Mountain cabin The voices of people hidden By the night Leading deeper In the woods Just birdsong In the mist The sound of the Brook More silent Gathering dusk With each swell of sea A buoy dips deeper Her face In my whiisky The moon floats Morning run Observing me at the observatory The fox Crow and I Scanning yards for signs of life Eye at each other Infinite rain Without opening A crocus falls Evening bus This man in the reflection Is it me? Roadside puddle A street dog licks The Winter Moon After bombing Rues of the bridge Linked by fog Impenetrable haze The other side Of the bridge At the top of the fence Morning, glories Climbing air Mist trailing Over the autumn fields A raven's cry Hurricane Watch The tall tree's shadow Over our house Hunter's Moon She asks if I've found What I needed Offseason The bartender Doesn't look up Migrating Geese No one asks them Where they're from? Rutten apples We let the storm Pick them Distinct gunshots "Stoleflower petals" Fold into night Midnight Moon One long howl And then no more Dust to dust The widow's shadow On the coffin The stare Of a newborn Starry night The click Of her red high heels Divorce court Her short life Packed in an urn Smell of winter Drills of fog First job interview In one year All one can see In her shaky handwriting Dark rain On each pass by She rearranges the cut flowers Frost warning Late love Through dusty windows A mellow light Harvest Moon An owl swoops In a cornfield Aged brandy Eggnog and pumpkin beer The old wagon Unpicked apples We promise To keep in touch Indian summer Two rows of maize Left standing Flickering street light From darkness to darkness The flight of a bat Insomnia The sound of a goose Lost in the night Community Garden A fence separates Carrots from carrots Aversed farmhouse Autumn twilight, darkest In the empty windows Winter leaf How she cups the pills? In her hand Afraid by Geese Heading south My autumn birthday Wave from a kid Riding the carousel Summer's end Aversed factory Parking spaces marked Reserved Drying laundry The faded colors Of twilight Hunting season The Maples Blood red Chainsaw Hearing the river flow Afterward Becoming dusk Rooftop to treetop The echo of Crows Summer solstice Unrolling dust With the blinds Just beyond The candles reach Fireflies The lonely feeling Of Dylan's harmonica Evening star Deep autumn A row Of empty beach houses Mandarin A few segments Of sun Thinning moon The clock set deeper In autumn Rose branches Went down with snow Hospice Garden Another new grave In winter, mist War Cemetery Forgetmenots Along the border fence Refugee children Rated R The orgasm Of sudden rain The parking lot Down to one puddle Of moon Before the storm The thunder Of lawnmowers Sunday bells The wideopen mouths Of sparrow hatchlings The clatter Of machines Third shift October, daisy Bedraggled but still upright The cold morning rain Herding a young deer Through the gate to its mother Steady autumn rain No real reason For a small sadness Late white roses River Twilight A tiny crab touches Every shadow Called By the riverbank Drifting wood Sunrise And flowers blooming On the table Perseids Somewhere a cow Calls for her, Calf House clearance Room by room by room My mother disappears Election eve Driving home? In the dark Cactus Flower I didn't realize She knew my name Day of the Dead Walking into A strong perfume Defying The autumn gloom Red Maple In the hollow stump Of the old tree Wild poppies bloom Yellow ball of yarn In my mother's hand Harvest Moon One year gone On her side of the bed Winter Moonlight A paper cut From her dear John Letter Friday, the 13th The fog rolling Over the border town Refugees walk Blind date Her face half revealed In Moonlight noonday heat A white man staring at me Me staring back Twin bed Wearing your flannel shirt? Keeps me warm Back porch [Laughter] echoes Between claps of thunder She bows lower Than all the others Temple bell A night off The hooker plays with herself In her sleep Rain, shimmer On fallen leaves Removed love Morning, mist Green tips of onions Cracking the soil Approaching winter Sundance on the leather Of a pipistrelle's wings Autumn Sunset One pumpkin Left in the field Sun on a dragonfly's wings When all else? Vanishes Cloud cover Just knowing The moon is still there Urologists office The framed photograph Of the falls Postelection Washing the dishes? Doing the laundry? Waiting for rain A year is ending In the woods New moon The thud Of a walnut Autumn Woods The smell Of last night's rain Schedule screen The spider spinned its web Between two tramways In the greyness The Ros bottle Of the homeless Cinderella, oatmeal Still some things right With the world Feathers in the fire A Cardinal's song Between thunderclaps Interruptive rain Looking through a box Of old letters After harsh words We pull our chairs In the sun Family dispute Lily dust peppers The table A break in the fog My daughters New address Death of a dictator The EB and Fry Of the sea A hawk slips Between the colors River Twilight Daylong rain I organize My watercolors Evening star Fold upon fold The quiet blue hills Stars in the river Two boys Night fishing Ursa, Major A plane's navigation lights Leave the system Creed Moon The street magician's trick Finally revealed A few notes From an untuned piano Autumn rain Strong wind, little snow Scraps and notes I've neglected To throw away As I struggle With a heavy gate The crescent moon Stopping By the pharmacy I miss the sunset Cold autumn wind In all the cracks Eyes of barn cats Hard freeze Linging steam From a newborn calf Falling leaves The cemetery Almost full First day After retirement The brush I'm married Ice cubes shifting In her wine glass Drinking white? Instead of red Night without stars Fresh market The age of the hand Buy apples Closed window A bee lies so stillamong Faded, Pollen Milky scent Of the calf's breath Morning Moon Alep bombings At my bathroom window The misted full moon Restless night Footprints On the moon Machine gun fire She stirs more honey In her tea News of her death Winter Moon descending Beyond the trees Over leftovers An argument about? The causes of war Steam rising Through a band of light Winter tea Holiday traffic Watching mountains grow In the distance Me And the mountain Winter solstice Year end A convict's calendar Full of Xs Visiting day Blue mascara on A convict's wife Waning Moon! A faux ceasefire In Aleppo Pearl Harbor Day The Koi pond littered With fallen leaves Stone Jesus With outstretched arms The falling snow Starry night Out on the highway A truck changes gears Cut into his arm A line for each day between Christmas and New Year Winter Moon The cold, clear clanking Of train cars Enough house Painting over The growth mark wall Full moon The old dogs, howl? Falls into a yawn Wind chill A few crows among The homeless Infinite stars The braille on the box Of sleeping pills A long conversation About Mom Slow soaking rain Early snow One more winter For that old horse Cold night Stars so near We speak in whispers New home She promises me the world In a lilac tree Dark winter day Learning from doves When dusk comes His burnscarred hands How the winter wind? Makes dead leaves fly Amber Alert The wind trails off To a whisper Winter wind Lily petals fall Around the vase City traffic Ants in and out Of a sparrow Prairie motel From my window Stars and fireflies Midnight coffee A spoonful of sugar Stirred into the darkness The red cap Of a green woodpecker First flakes of snow Echoes Two owls somewhere In the night The quiet Of making soup Winter rain Heat lightning The weight Of a sparrow Sheets of rain The night has no answer For a bleating lamb Longening days "Turky deepens" On a starling's breast Frost Moon I tell my daughter The truth Heat haze The Miles Of boundary fence Panfried trout I learn something new About my father Only the winter Chrysanthemums remain Morning Moon Snow cover The remaining panels Of a greenhouse Cold rain The bus pulls back Into the highway Dexter Center Dry curling leaves Litch the doorway Crackling in the air On a frigid afternoon Tea and ginger snaps Family photo The blur of The dog's tail Morpheine drip My father asks me For more time Sake clear To the bottom of my cup Winter stars Midwinter, slush The gray breast Of a chipping sparrow Hospice window The roar of the spring tide Receding The darkness Between winter stars Relapse Goodwill Window Sale Obsolete man's reflection And mine The rail tracks Towards a harvest moon Thoughts of home Among mourners This cloak of silence Between Crows Her laugh echoes Through the empty house The sound of snow A young deer peering At me around the hedgerow Then the silent leap A wide open bay As far as the eye can see The herring gulls call Venus in the morning sky At the blue rain barrel A doe stops to drink Pensioners walk The slow drip of rain From the thatch Autumn deepens A fish slides down The cormorant's throat Allday headache Watching the moon rise? With the wind Winter Pond My stone ricochets In the reeds Another birthday Watching the long ash On the incense Middle of winter The fresh scent Of clean laundry Railroad dusk A needle amongst The Ballast stones After midnight Crickets And a city train The earth softened We planted tulips When he loved me Winter rain One flowered umbrella At the funeral Manitoba crossing All their possessions In a plastic bag A dried lotus leaf In Tibetan Book of the Dead Winter dusk Slow dancing Snowflakes swirl to the sound Of silence Dead of winter Bluffing in the darkness My breath Midwinter Rain blurs the other side Of the valley Day long rain My breath Fogs the window Tube station The homeless man still In yesterday's news The burntout Apple tree blooms Rain drops That shade of green The first fireflies clenched In small hands At the lumber mill Only the river noises And the wind Moss covered church Crawling through the open door The warmth of May Snowy Dawn Bits of yesterday Cling to today The convict's debt Nearly paid in full Waning Moon! Triple malt beer A loud laugh Measures the night Moving day The kids pack up My first marriage Stepping out? For another log Ah, the stars Pauper's Cemetery Only the clouds Come and go Jars filled with buttons A journal The things she left behind Good Friday Dandelion Seeds In the wind Good Friday An unexpected Phone call Old woman Carrying her bags? Spring wind Autumn chill The distant whistle Of the evening train Released again As the puddles dry April: petals Garden ghost The blooming apple tree On a starless night In the attic An antique scale Winning dust Mother gone Moonlight shimmers The last white rose The scarecrow Covered in crows Widow's farm Through a train window The blurs of lifetimes On walls of graffiti Predawn silence A Greyhound bus Shifts, gears Spring, mist The magpie Monochrome Mountain mist Leaving a snowball? On top of the cairn Spring tea Through bone, China Her thin hand Almond blossom The stillness After love Spring heat The imprint of grass In her thighs Heat shimmer The first blooming Railroad flowers Missing child The distinctive cry Of a fantailed pigeon His dust soft On my fingers The dead moth Snuffing the flame The quiet room [Peacefuler] Border crossing The swallows feed On both sides Calling to Street sparrows A caged bird Plied butterfly (Neagle marks) On the girl's left arm Now, Hiring [Falls in the winter wind] Last rays of sunlight Faraway whistle Of the night train Mothers, lullaby The meaty grin Of her redlipped mouth My divorce lawyer Waiting room A spider hangs On silence First day of the year Fresh snow Covers the old Peaples of Azalea In my memory Something is lost Heat shimmer Sinking my teeth In a peach Morning fog A second cup Of bad coffee Summer evening From the tall grass The slow rise of fireflies Mountain hike Lost among butterflies and The scent of honey The dog star Feeling the bite? Of winter wind Dormer window The wasp I couldn't save Gathers dust Jasmine Degusting the sound Of my tea Indian ponies Behind barbed wire Gathering clouds Plastic bag Uncleared in a tree Flight cancelled A face In the nursing home window Filigree Moon Spring sunshine Another freckle To kiss Dogwood blossoms An ultrasound Of my newest grandson Sharing stories In dad's old eyes Always the sea Day of blossoms A nurse erases Mother's name Mother's Day A nurse unties The restraints Gonesome! Over the city dump Harvest Moon Cicada song All through the twilight The moon also rises Waiting for a call From the son who never calls Mother's Day River Walk The scent of lilacs And fresh tar Our new home Unged in and out But for white lilacs The cries Of homecoming geese [Lighter] Pale overcast The darker shadow Of returning Geese Rusted wire On a weatherworn post Wisps of gray fur 'Hangry BBQ' At the end of his rope A barking dog An agitation in the garden Then suddenly soap bubbles Flying across our faces Graduates Hurry across the stage Dandelion Seeds Honeymoon Cutting in half Their first melon Sleepless night In the distance midnight Express Viskha moon Smell of incense From another room Indian summer Farmers Cracked lip Days end A cloud of fireflies In the field Back From the sea This familiar rain My stories Getting better and better Four fingers of Scotch Stormwater The smell of a moor? Embracing the rain Beyond darkened fields G ro, w i'n g with Birdsong This tideline of dawn High winds A zillion elm seeds Looking for love Memorial Day Another mattress sale At the strip mall Childhood scrapbook The life expectancy Of Scotch tape Dad's suicide A candle burns away It's shadow Missing in action The hollow eyes Of a veteran Sound of a moth Unlocked in a paper lantern? Summer rain Memorial Day Shadows in formation Among headstones Spring showers I peel a red onion In running water Nearly rain Something quiet outside Quiet inside Slow, steady rain The muscles in my back Unknot Evening breeze My neighbors, BBQ Drifts this way Taking a breather The rustle Of poplar leaves Just friends A taste of summer In her kiss Fired! At last, I wake On time Soft rain A quiet ambulance At rush hour Evening news Two crows on the rim Of a satellite dish Distinct thunder A boy sets his coin On the rail track A final date Mingling their ashes In the lake Summer rain I leave the dishes For later Rooftop firepit Sparks, mingle With the stars Mating season Two radiators making One cloud of steam Bliss rain The way she laughs At all, my jokes The moon Almost empty Winter rain Almost home Pausing by the pond To reflect Daybreak The Fox's breath thinning In the frost hollow Pale moon The sunbleached bones Of a sparrow Pouring more coffee In the cup Rain on the bayou Heat wave She stops adjusting Her shoulder strap Windless night A slow dance Of fireflies Approaching Storm Children playing With matches Summer heat Dragonflies escape from The convict's pencil Independence Day Watchtower guards Went and loaded Farm stand He squeezes the melons She checks the zucchini Dead sparrow The smell of rain From somewhere else The space Between etched names War cenotaph Honeysuckle breeze In a circle of lowing The newborn calf Late summer Morning, glories Hold the sky Falling leaves She tells another lie To cover the last Lightning Her nightgown Comes off Gurgles Through the baby monitor First, fireflies Sturgeon Moon An ancient Spirituation site Watching the deer Watch me Morning Moon Tip of the Storm Thunder fills the sky With Crows Long way home Wheard wipers clear The silence between us Between? The swelling sound of crickets Pressing heat Demolition site The colors Of closet walls Scudding clouds A magpies calls drift In my headache Dry stone wall Hill mist fills Every gap Lonely evening Thunder Strolls the windows Sourdough smell of age The cold rain pattering "Against motel windows Bloodred Earth Pattering on his coffin Winter rain Sun tea darkens Bees in the Hollyhocks All afternoon Perseids Soft thuds here and there In the orchard After the storm Whilst The tranquil moon Summer's end Still, a little croak left In the bullfrog Winter wind A cradlesong sung In an ancient tongue Twin Towers Repeating their absence Day after day Summer sun Each spoonful A taste of Cayenne Far side Of the moon That stolen kiss Wood knot In my pocket Fog over water A long wooden pier At the end A glimmer of light As if Summer had no end Wildflowers Heat lightning Something ancient In a lizard's eye Industrial skyline Where the rain? Makes rust Nude Beach A stranger covers me With his shadow Despite all my worry The fragrance Of honeysuckle Gibbou's moon All that's left Of summer End of summer Watching the Dow? Fall! Late summer chill A young man Obituary Low tide "Against the black mud Bright egrets Withering daisies Brittle petals littering The dusty pasture Her name on the marble Birth and death The space between? Corn stubble Rustles in the breeze Autumn, Equinox Equinox We split The last beer Windy day The first flurry Of leaves Beer bottles Clink in the cooler Summer solstice The tall corn's shadow Stretched across the grave yard Coming of Autumn Eye to eye With a flight of Geese Lending heat Red Moon The calligraphy Of charred trees Morning fog In the Mangroves Temple gong First rinse of the rice A wild scurry Of clouds Silent flight Of a raptor Your breath on my neck Book group The cat chooses My lap Cinderella tea Drinking the scent? Of dawn The weight Of the muddy river Jerrycan on her head Reading obituaries The here and there Of fireflies Slanted sunlight In the Meditation Hall A drift of dust Cherry blossom rain [Laughter] Pursuing laughter Moonlit Pond A frog jumps From star to star Autumn chill Last night's mascara Around my eyes Divorce court Red heels One last time Harvest moon Dancing with my husband In the living room Rush hour Our echoes meet In the stairwell Autumn Moon The burn of the whiskey You left behind? In the churchyard Where my father found God? Brought apples Forgetting his voice My dad's apology letter Crackles in the fire Living alone? The quiet ritual Of coffee After each haiku The pencil A little shorter Unknotting The hammock ropes The scent of burnt leaves The spider hanging in its web Doesn't care The world is upside down Gibbou's moon The swelling egg sac Of a wolf spider A back road And a flat tire The peach blossoms Summer solstice I saw a rouge flower Growing Autumn evening The silence Of ripe pears Vigil Kerosene lamp growing dim In the light of dawn Field of poppies A light breeze Fans, the flames Heavy air The mango tree thick With Iguanas Another birthday Under the same October moon In the ruins Of a beach house Wild orchids bloom Washington, gossip Curtains, flapping In the breeze October moon The shadow of a Cypress Dapples the headstones Pomegranate jam The wild smell Of autumn Two pills Past midnight Hidden Moon In the skeleton Of an old house A new spider's web midnight A cricket's falsetto From the Lingerie drawer The last dance Her cheap perfume Don't matter Coaster fort A spider catches The breeze Day of the Dead My unshaved face In the mirror After a lobotomy The pumpkins Toothless grin For a moment I am the heron First light Full moon A swollen tick On the sows ear [Applesauce] Bubbles on the stove November morning The beggar Counting coins First stars Veterans Day Photo of the uncle I never met Saturday morning, drizzle A driving lesson With my dad Forest bathing The scent of her Wildflower Shampoo The owl I hear, but never see November, Dusk Unripe pomegranates All that's left Between us Those shells We collected for her High tide Deep wrinkles In the face of an elder Becoming dusk Dying light The last sunflowers Half price War vet on the corner Holding a sign Someone's son Snow Fury The coffeecup still warm In my hand The clattering Of mahjong tiles Summer rain The end Of a chalk rainbow Relative sign Downsizing A winter star and I In the puddle Insomnia The rat trap [ Snapping] Shut! Morning thunder The garbage man's Early start In the treetops Linging! Rests of the day Fite freest Anither year Aulder Stumbled fields A fresh coat of snow On a rusted pickup Winter wind He says my name With a sigh The odds of his Dying before me Snow mixes with rain Summer Lilac Button to the heat Of the railroad A hearse leaves The prison compound Cold Moon Heavy snow The smell of hot soup Under a neon cross My own pace Tiny flower blooms From a crack in concrete Infinite white A solitary tree Supporting the sky Winter night Old trees Filled with stars Morning sun A constellation of holes In the rhubarb leaf Autumn, Equinox The snap Of a plumb line Waiting! For the meds to kick in Full moon Everything I'm not Winter rain This slow healing A blackbird almost invisible In the winter, dusk Mid December Candles line the window, sill Silent night "Grand silos" Long shadows On fresh snow Dudoon Aye Wairmth In her rosary beads Cup of tea The moon still Until I sip it Candles flicker Through my eyelids Zazen Weight that shifts With the news of a death Storm light Falling star Another woman says Me too Winter solstice The growing darkness On death row Early winter Yellow windows In the blue dawn Lonelyse The trail of a raindrop Down the pane Snowstorm Another poem Too wordy Nightfall My thoughts linger awhile On the old days Flank to the sunrise Old donkey taking winter One day at a time Blizard warning Wishing I hadn't seen That black cat Dispared in the ditch Like tiny scraps of blue sky Bits of plastic bag Dusting off The piano keys Autumn Wind Autumn rain Puddles fill up With Moonlight Sparks when? I take off my robe Winter drought In the soup line Each man turned Toward the sun Early The sudden darkness Of her eyes Mountain Chapel The rainwashed Bones of a sheep Winter stars Moth carcasses, dot? The window screen Winter solstice The Virgin Mary receives A new light bulb Cold night Snowflakes settle On coal cars Winter evening The last dried pepper Goes into the soup Interstate an Amish buggy wavers In a thermal Equinox The double ferris wheel Across the lake All day rain Lowering the blinds In her dollhouse Late night stroll Through parted curtains Life of others Profound blue of night The resin and salt of pines So far from the sea Surfing waves A tiny lizard On corrugated iron Deep winter Red beans one day White beans the next Insomnia A lone light On the mountainside Long before I came Long after I leave Bluffing pear Winter blizzard Her psoriasis Closing skin Winter thunder I let tea leaves Release the tannins Lighting The paper lantern Autumn Sunset Groundhog Day Another friend Returns to Earth Missing you? The cry of the loon From shore to shore Murmur's in her sleep The moon slips behind The clouds Open window Lemon scented tea tree In the rain Child's paintbox Every color untouched Except blue Enough cafe The tip jar fills With rain Another button Lost along the way Lifting fog Radio dial Trying to find My youth Lunar eclipse The weight of Another's shadow Chinook wind The softness of a day In February Long day over At last Alone with the wind Unlock conversation The daffodils nodding In the breeze Indian summer A yellowed postcard Falls from the book Open house The rushed paint strokes Of the guest room Prairie Winter Clouds approach The broken fence Tweed Through traffic Two white butterflies Jury break We free Hollyhock Seeds In the courthouse garden Office window Comings and goings Of butterflies Beach stroll Dinning our feet In the stars Left to simmer The kettle shrieks Until answered Slice by slice The pie disappears Blueberry stains noon The egret shifts from stillness To Stillness [Girls ] In her apology Spring weeds Learning to eat Around bruises Winter apples Insomnia A light flickers In the foothills Spring morning A railroad bridge In fog The smell Before the sound of it Evening rain Thunderheads Hanging on the horizon A red tailed hawk Kites tangle In summer, twilight Father and son Train whistle In the distance Another sleepless night Silent As a mouse The trap Kissing the widow Along her silver neck chain The glint of his ring In the fog A mountain echoes Blackbird at dawn Cloudless sky A red kite Fades into the distance Easter Sunday My mother's bible stuffed with obits Sun striking The hour glass Spring, equinox Afternoon heat The faraway sea In a gulls cry Mother's Day Three bouquets Of Emoji Roses Shortly The day pauses First butterfly Morning rush Cup of tea Ununtouched In spite of Bombs and lies Wildflowers Electric storm Out of a dark horizon A raven's eye Summer thunderstorm Filling air with tension She crosses her thighs Taking the old road To my father's stone The slow tilt of stars Nude in the sauna The young woman pours water On stony silence Bright and full Above the fields Coyote song Finding her place Between black and white The young eagle First spring sun The naked legs Of a window cleaner Late frost Putting some salt On the red wine stain Frozen rain The cafe crooner slips Out of tune Morning fog A railroad crossing At the end of the world Ginko The group returns With a hundred selfies Gonesome embers I start my story From the end Everything We have in common Plum blossom rain Starless night A lantern boat sailing Out to sea The roshis Incense,smoked robe Weight of winter Leaving the dust Of the world behind Summer tea Ghost pines Under a crescent moon Summer drought Up! With the chickens Bayou Sun Lemon tea And lavender oil The rain on repeat Pond at dusk Frogs and blackbirds In conversation Soft rain The way the oncologist Says we Thinking of her In the past tense Cloud shadow Gaza Slaved Children My faded lilacs Stormwater Clap of skateboards In the park Neighbours, Clematis On my side of the fence Free love Oh, bluehaired girl Your stockings and Docs make me A little older Frozen again Under soft spring snow Concrete cracks Climbing The way her work heels Hang off the steps Breakup My daughter's voice cracks Across two continents Far from Wall Street A cormorant Divings Breakup kiss The line between sky And winter sea Lighting a candle With a candle Another night of snow Tying a knot In the grass blade Midsummer A dead key On the grand piano Winter darkness Old Sandbox The weeds All grown up Darkening skies Boaders clatter down the ramp In the abattoir French kissing On the bridge with love locks Two pinkhaired girls Sad news Opening the windows To let the chill out Unknotting The phone cord Mother's Day Pausing between Rain showers Summer solstice Retirement home The same pot of coffee Sitting all day Long blue tail Of a damselfly Kite Festival After the rainstorm Another thought About last night Worrying downpour Thrashing against the window Her sweat on my lips Dying bruises Birdsong In the distance When my time is done Remember I saw swallows? Taking their first flight Dry spell Deadheading Wild Roses Spring fever Tree roots cracking The concrete Tourist season The Zen Garden Fills up with noise Between two Decrepit buildings Poplar in late evening light Death anniversary A curl of incense smoke Sticked on the ceiling I watch someone Watch someone else The promise of rain Bare Hill Broken glass sparkling Where the sun moves? Summer Storm I push the beetle Back on its feet Summer's end In a jar of shells The smell of salt air Early morning, Dew Squeezing the last drop From my teabag Thunder Moon Longawaited rainstorm rips Through the arroyo SouthendonSea Freshly fried chips On the salt air Absoluted steelworks A small weed Cracking concrete Prairie dogs Mares tails Over Little Big Horn Pregnant again The fluttering of moths "Against the window A dragonfly On a dragonfly Summer heat Pranayama The candle goes out As it lights another midnight Smell of the incense stick Burning itself Subway transfer The homeless lady Sells mirrors White satin Cool against her skin Choosing a coffin? Fortieth birthday Fastening my old belt At a new hole After the storm Mountains return A bit softer Cottonwood leaves The quiet way They soften the night One finger Raised in greeting Heat wave BlackBerry Brambles Along the road Blues on the radio Summer break The sun scatters My freckles Oregon summer The haze from distant wildfires Turning the moon red ' Rectory roofers Their ladders Take them higher Summer cabin The ants Do the dishes Lagoon at sunrise The shadow Chases its pelican Barcen trees Even the tiniest twig Embraced by the mist Windfall apples Bees tango To a waltz That foghorn bawl Calf separated From its mother Spray art The cherry knows No bounds Cold night The escalating heat Of my old notebook Fly fishing My thoughts Untangle Arrows of Geese The puppy chases Leaves on the wind Absently choking On a sliver of lemon Neartotal eclipse Twilight A full moon Between fractured branches At the Tulip Festival She holds a bouquet Of dandelions Random rain splatters On the sidewalk Polka dots Yukon, hike Water sloshes to the beat Of the bear bell Spring rain The dog's coat, finer Than mine Winter solstice A furlong of a dream Curbs inside me Autumn sky Swaying wheat field 'String the wind' Blue Sky Morning The hospital huffs The only clouds Stilllife, Lilies Residents sitting In the nursinghome lounge Year's end Only the sound of mouse clicks From every desk High tide Wild BlackBerry canes Overtake the shore Ocean swim Not knowing what's Underside me Stocking Enough to the toe The spray of citrus Autumn's last month Still awaiting My inheritance After the rain Only a few petals left With the rose Enough restaurant All the tables Candlelit Spring again A songbird's paean At dawn The busker [Buttons] His collar ' Rolling thunder The bass on the car stereo Passing by A line of gulls Fencing the shoreline Unbroken sun Tax time A gnome hunches over his desk In the garden A whiff of jasmine As she unties her hair Hind of rain Pausing to ponder The dragonfly On my pens point A better day The sink ant granted A reprieve Contract signed The wind catcher Twirls to the right All night drive The moon goes full And past River Eddy The ripples of fish Catching twilight insects Clever car Nothing works But the horn Jamun Tree The stains of summer On my lips Light pollution The fireflies flickering Out Morning lights An egret cluttering Yesterday's foot prints Knife deep in heather The purple scent Of summer Earl Of barley Creed Moon Morning A busy spider weaving Leaf to leaf [Hovering] Over summer clouds Moms, lullaby Still, Pond A crooked coconut tree licks It's own image Undercurrents The snapping turtle Surfaces Deep noon A squirrel chases a tree Shadow Washing day Sheets, Billow 'String the breeze' Midnight Moon The violet of violets Almost black Hotel Rust A chime of finches In the rafters Passing train Sturbe light of the setting sun On the hedges Mountain haze The remains of my dream In fading blossoms Hangman The snapped branch Of the silver birch Cyan Lake A fishing net catches The first light Long drive Smell of fresh tea breaks The mist In the blue A white swan Rising Receding waters The sea unseals A thousand puddles The slickness Of the otters back Night rain Jasmine blossoms The farmer returns with Fishy dreams Rippling! The breeze arrives And retreats Falling mist Touching the spaces Between falling leaves From both sides Of the border Cockcrow Csection A lark hatchling beaks The full moon New moon Footprints circling The winter apple Why should a fiddlehead? Becoming a fern Flower Moon Midwinter The heart of Sweetbox Through an open gate Poolside palms The play of shadows All day long Broken twigs Short end of Wishbones Among the tombstones After the storm The wind chimes Realigning The hearse the swamp Last year's frozen cat tails ' First snow From the Jays beak A full moon rises Courting cats A pane of glass Between them Out of the canyon Out of the blue A flute Paper boat Cradled by the sky Cradling the sky New moon The Wolves Howl Within themselves Galahs A deeper shade of pink Sunrise A pelican turns Divers and surfaces Creed Moon Cedar waxwings The next stop on our journey ' Autumn afternoon The cat's eyes follow Each falling leaf What if? Around the pigs snout Green butterflies Winter blessings Snowflakes One by one Equinox sunrise The wash folds itself ' Lime cordial The tinkle of ice Forty years ago Spring rain The depth Of A Warm breeze Caught on the grass One dragonfly wing Autumn rain The birdbath fills Drop by drop Old Fire Pit Moss grows Where there were songs? Coffee shop Our family stories Darkly roasted Outdoor patio The Hummingbird into The flower tattoo First of October Clipping peppers In the evening rain Rain shower From the gutters Crickets soaking in Mozart A purple cactus flower On the windowsill Winter Kinglet Learning the yes and no Of each branch Ocean Filling In Draughty, sill The dead moth Back on its feet A quiver In the folk singer's voice Dappled sunrise Mild winter Cloaking the creek Tundra Swans Sultry air The Marsh grass Overtakes the path Drawing near The loons call still sounds From Afar It selects the M To build its nest (Castin) Roadside Tree Ribbons streaming From the bend Thunder carry The long, slow slope To the valley Fingers burning I take my blues Higher Morning walk Through an open window ' Dead of winter I was where I am When the snow began Last rays of sun Crows suddenly Goldwinged Her last year at Primary school The wren's tail Shuttlebusdriver Our daily conversation About the lottery numbers Falling through A metal net City Moon Anniversary Of my father's death Leaves falling off a mountain Eventide Crows, find the last piece Of blue sky On the edge of town An outfield Keeps on going Graduation Day Cool breeze, stirring Dresses and leaves Will pay anything The medal collector Who missed the war? Inlaw's coming The dog knows how To play dead Snow melt The barn owl Gleaves across the moon On the underbelly Of the falcon The dawn's pink light In the snow Footprints going away Her last gift Heat haze The call of doves From the Oaks Morning escapes Through newly empty air Acorns Adrift In a fishbowl Stray Moon Warm sand We leave our impressions Behind Dusk Moths doze On my window Clouds cling To the mountain Stories you try to forget Cool nights The morning glorys Delicate purple Dying in and out Of the overcast sky Creed Moon Days end My daughter asks For the moon Red lobster Her prying glance Through the mist Dawn A sudden beating of wings "Against my window October What flowers are left? Lir down Thanksgiving Huddled on cold asphalt Gulls with no necks Urban Rainbow The factory chimneys Glow gold! Low tide A band of surfers Compare scars Late night special The postman rings A broken bell Florida Springs The brown chameleon Turns green A gull drops a crab and The heat ' Watch repair All the clocks still set To standard time Summer rain On the clothes line Down feathers Old railway tunnel Still hearing the sound? Of birdsong Hotel entrance We reexamine The stars [ monkey puzzle] Coiled in the heart Of the garden, maze A tiny branch The Hummingbird keeps time To summer rain Pale sun flickers Across the Buddha's face Pulse of crickets The cry of a nightbird How slowly a rose opens? In darkness Trays of canaps At the picnic Crows Long summer night Pale through the fire The rising sun Lambs ear The softness Of summer rain Work day's end The chimney smoke curls Between raindrops First day alone Coyote tracks In the sand Last breath of fish In the seagulls beak Broken sand dollars Frogs outdo The church choir Evensong Lazy afternoon The slow circles Of a redtail hawk Family dinner So many forms Of silence Lightning flash The dog's silhouette Also, trembles Remembering? The Costa Rican sun Clink of ice cubes At the burial Grieve pauses For the mockingbird Table tennis Father and daughter Both win Live fish in the restaurant We choose Tofu Purple magnolias Linging! Twilight Class reunion Everyone else's Ring fingers This morning, autumn In the husks Of sunflowers Frost sliding On glass Trifocals Arms flung wide The laundry Remains to the wind Sunset The heron steps out Of his shadow The countdown Somebody else's New Year's Kiss Waking To the hum of the furnace Winter Dawn Haloed lights In a snowcovered parking lot Hometown visit An albatross dips Below the waves Gale force swell Knife wind My white breath Stoled Besides the graveyard Train parked On the tracks Spring melt A sheet of snow Punched with crocuses Midsummer Storm A herd of dairy cows Huddle together Cherry smoke On the mantel nail Her white dress Day, drizzle Scrubbing the rainbow Inside the pot First warm day The melancholy face Of the TV dials Ripening sky Another slow turn Of the cider press Ki 3 2, 1 2012 Ss Moving day Inside this matchbox A cicada shell Autumn Sunset In the brown field A red tractor Morning, Hague The voice from the dash Relocating Friday's dusk He brings home Dark chocolate Thunder The stray dog Barrows This winter night Slowly unfolding First star Deep autumn The halfnaked birch Fully yellow Overcast day The lamp posts Filled with snow Condolences I choose the card Without words Yet another bug Buzzes the zapper Whiskey Moon Morning fog The distance Between boat and shore Drizzly field The rattle of a tractor Wades in the fog Cutting The last rose stem Woodsmoke Purple Lightning Irises In bloom The fat cat Sits halfway home Squash blossoms Pine slabs Dovetailing together Carpenter's hands Switchback Alpine Aster All in bloom Cold snap The sharp bite Of a radish Sparshswars From the sitar Jasmine breeze Flea market A monkey's paw Under glass Stormlight The Magnolia Bursts into flower 'Like at dusk Waiting for the company Of fireflies Spring rain The lips and throat Of the iris Linging! In my sleeping bag Campfire smoke Autumn weeds The orb spinners Warp and weft 'Dealing' A field map of summer Butterfly Pushing her lips together To form the sound Frogs Afternoon stillness My neighbors, Chimes announce the breeze Night rain The fainter sound Of the ocean Hazy Sunset The weight Of a ripe peach First, crush Apple branches Nearly touching Butterfly House We're all Six again Open atlas The continental drift Of clouds Lightning's'Plat Oak' What would I be? In another time Removed snow In the Junipers shadow An old suet cage White sky A cloud of blackbirds Erupts from an oak Milky way The way the cow path Rings a hill The arch Of her foot Feather shedding moon Record heat A song, Thrush Beats "Against the tomato cage" Shortcut home Wiking my shadow Through stormtoppled trees Humming, fridge The quiet thoughts Of a robot Easter morning A rapture of Hawks squalls Beyond the scud Monsoon Grckle stepping Through raindrops Apologies Cutting the bruise From the apple Iconic wind A shiver In the Blackbird's song Halloween Witches on brooms Come up the escalator Woodland The silence Of history Weeping willow Her golden hair Once blew that way Autumn winds Campaign signs Shifting positions His oil paintings So unlike mine Passion fruit Swaths of grass Curl across the yard First Snowman Sleet The windchimes Unknown tune 50 years slip away Lacing up Old skates Medieval city A construction crane Touches the sky New home Another child's handprints In the driveway Branch by branch A squirrel climbs The Oaks shadow Outdoor artist The color of the dog Besides him Morning frost Lifting white socks higher The neighbour's cat Summer dusk The sound of high heels From the backyard December, dusk I will never visit My grandparents birthplace Sunrise Performing what I imagine Tai Chi to be Not getting the whole story This ladybug On my page Carrying on? As if nothing had happened Dogwood in bloom Morning frost Invitation to a white Wedding Hot afternoon The shoe seller kicks a butt In the canal Pebbled beach No sound skips In the new year Starry night Pills snug In their bottle Twilight The scent of clover In her hair Mountain View We speak In whispers Tall ships The rifted sky Closes opens In the shade Of a towering oak Acorns dropping A grackle, not as black As the memory of Grahames A river of corn lilies Divides the meadow Yellow Butterfly High tide The taste of salt On your lips Under the voices Of summer birds Raven Muggy sunrise The brown spider crawling Up the web Green shoots In the cherry tree's shade Last year's cherries On Ash Wednesday again My grandmother's lilac perfume ' Midsummer quiet The cascading shades Of mountain ridges A gap In the leaf shadows Summer Moon One tree without buds Last year's Enough nest Creed Moon My old knees Creak up the stairs Another Dead camera battery Dying peonies His urn finally arrives A careful breeze in the palms ' Morning heat A swallowtail drifts In the blue Cherry Bush Drooping with fruit Sparrows and finches One vanilla scoop Moon rising over the Brooklyn Bridge Winter slump Wearing out the fabric? Of my easy chair Framed In the kitchen window Venus rising Easter incense The prayers I never learned In Latin [ shoveling snow] A wind gust halos The street light One white sail On the horizon Silence between waves Tracing the fades Of the spring river The wagtail's tail Sundown The slap Of a beavers tail Clouds racing A sundog Disappeareds Iris Garden The sisters pose In purple dresses Hangover! An empty beercan Fills with rain In the bird's nest My lost bracelet ' Bus stop The conversation takes A strange turn The fireworks The constellations Summer heat The weight Of late sunlight Peach boughs Father's Day Picking up? The same broken shells Power failure Watching the moon? Instead of TV Outside goodwill A new pair of old jeans And the blue sky Balancing On a blade of grass Nightfall January Cat turns on The electric blanket Evening fog The crack of a home run From the ball park Main Street A sign points the way To the cemetery Chipped nail polish The red Of a leaf falling Halfempty bottle Whiskey trembles At a touch Fireworks Home from the war My uncle flinches Autumn damp Old leaves composting In the back lot [ empty bleachers] A sparrow takes a dust bath Behind home plate Walking in flipflops On top of the leaves Indian summer Rainy day The street musicians Enough tip box Poverty No matter where you go The moon No exit sign The door scuffed With boot marks Silently trees "Against a hazy moon End of vacation Full moon Lemon slice floating In my teacup Black Elder Shakes its shadow loose Early snowfall Snow melt A puddle Of lost mittens West Coast sky The cat dreams Of catching eagles Beachside After iced tea His cold cold kiss Manhattan Bus doors, clossse With a hisss Doctor's rounds A frantic search For her good teeth On the railing A leaf hopper studies My pen Wading? Out into the creek Water lilies Grandma's coffee table The yellow green orange Of old jelly beans Dawn Chorus The sky surrendering It's indigo Through a slice In the sunset sky New moon Chinook's in [Wrinking Snowman] Loses face Treeshimmering Pond The jazzband wavers Through Birdland Veterans Day Removing his prosthetic arm At the airport Old camp road Plumes of dust, eddy In the heat Snowflake The moment before it melts His smile Driving under over red gold trees Rain slicked roads ' Knife deep snow Hitting all the way To the mailbox Strolling policeman Even the spider hides Behind the bench Back from war The soldier cleans His room Day Moon The call of a goose From the South Bank Twilight Lake A solitary loon dives In itself Alight Bend pivot, shudder, flutter Bye Open air stage In the moon's spotlight A dancing moth Small town Idling at the red light Horse buggy Winter Beach Two herring gulls dip In sunrise River Sunset Above my head, a circle Of buzzards New selfknowledge A sinkhole to the right Of the path Inuksuk Firstone Thenmany Outdoor theatre Watching the crow Watching the play Midnight thunder Zigzag lines cross the sky The crack in my mirror Blending With ice fog My breath The wind through Wild plum blossoms Deeper breath Ice cream basketball [ subway] Not fast enough For oneday weekends Time enough to read This One second added Shape of the afternoon A dog shakes It's checkered coat Snow Angel The shadow Of a raven's wing January, thaw We are speaking Again Winter ball Instead of her hand I kiss her mitten "Furth Moon" Even my dreams [Elevated] Then Smell! Of snow Four cell phones in a row And one notebook foreigner ' Not yet, winter The Ptarmigan Already white Summer apples dangle Up down side to side Life before the fall Dream Of a lost moon Snow light She checks short dress Long hair in the window Backhoe driver concentrates Tails of two balloons All they take With them City lights The distance Between us Picking sea, Holly The sky Just as blue Weather girl The low front rolling in Matches her outfit Spring day Flowers I've never seen December sky A Jay's voice Shrill Blue Only thing, Blacker Than Raven's wings, eyes dark Enough to steal the sun Old Rosary The diary Of her hands Going the wrong way Down the street A mockingbird Losing track of place On patchwork quilt Despite dropped crumbs Insert perceptive Seventeen syllable verse Without humor here A small hand Reaches for the stars Moon bounce Valentine morning Time to release The lovebirds In an old diary Between pages Withered Rose Hospice visit The daffodil stems In a clear vase Earsts delicate Turning of acorn? I almost kiss you Waning Moon! On her mourning dress A white pacifier The wet kleenex snow Blob on the sidewalk holds her "Endless Small Handprint" Still sky No birds, no breeze Morning after the war Daylilies My son's face Finchkled orange Slightly rainstorm The dog shakes off Each drop White Kimono Often confused With nine hundred count, Percale "Emerging alarm" Trees raise their hands Toward the sky Cupidal snug plays Solitaire eats like you would Load a pellet gun Rocking chair Sits in the attic Counting years Deep shadows I play hide and seek With the sun Pipe leaking A way to get to know New neighbors Watching a sunset In black and white The colorblind man First dew touch Shoutly, the lily unfolds Her petals She's plucking eyebrows From the wall mirror like an Escher drawn Escher Spring breeze Smell of flowers and Starch This longest night Knitting the baby's blanket? In socks Bottoms in the air A line Of missing ducks Half moon Dogs bark above The factory noise What wind finds you here? Beating shadows, coins, tapping Songs for an alley Growing sideways In the deep forest A single birch Skeletons of the Aspen Snowflakes dance The winter away Sipping green tea From a styrofoam cup Stomach in knots The blueeyed cat gone Was it coyotes? Or that flock of big ravens? Freeing the ego Doesn't mean abandoning Your love of peaches Clank of iron Two butterflies ascend In their mating dance Black cars drive themselves ' suits, wind flutters, pages me Heard in my clothes Curbs of smoke Rise from my coffeepot The soft patter of rain Drifting With the snow A plastic bag A silver scimitar New moon slices Night Blue Sky Rabbits at market Their furs pulled off like mittens Shiny newborn limbs Little windfall apples Cartoon, cherry bombs That went pfft Frost on morning glass Winter's gentle face voices [Whisper through windows] On both sides Of the cemetery fence Wild flowers And there lies the ocean So grey and deep A bobbing yacht I fill the feeder Chicago sings We are grateful The dust of two towers Is slowly obscured by smoke From a thousand towns Prickly Pear Hidden in golden grass Still green and holding A sunflower field Millions of tiny faces Slighting in daylight A soft whisper of breeze Dandelions gently sway Fleeting time Small bird On a cattail Not singing Night walk full moon Steel rails, Glen To vanishing point Over the Hayfields A barn owl floats searching Ok, I'll listen too Between the trees Swoop of coloured wing and feather And hammock song of summer His face Next to mine Whiskers Purple scented air [ hovering over the lilacs] Transient moment Dear cI think I Needed your strengthto get here Sorry, I can't stay "Admite, hug" The blue of the Forget me, not's Clay on the wheel Deep breath Reaching for the centre Budding romance Between them on the porch swing A just opening rose An hour's walk And getting nowhere The treadmill Skin against my palm You trace translucent road maps Read cartographer Your flesh, a fever Limning mein this way Ilay hold uponI He shows me his tattoo The tree shadow On the sidewalk Strong breeze Clouds sweep by The top of the tree Curbing up When problems arise Armadillo Spring recital Mozart on the piano keys Bird warbles at the window Left in the closet An umbrella forgotten Rain cloud emptying The sweat dripping drip Ping into your eyes like tears For all my efforts Sleeping in His side of the bed Still warm Roots of the dead spruce Reach out bony fingers Secret life exposed Spring break Crocus pokes its head Through the melting of March Radiant heater A cat by the window Purrs Echoes of sunset Your upturned face, a canvas Splashed watercolor Exchange Of wedding vows The incoming tide From treeshadow to Led pools startled, Koi paint Brush lines on water We will miss you Farewell, Mr Vonnegut I laughed wept Bowl of tomatoes First hint of ripening Early dawn glow Glasses on table Grandpa passed in June Only two months away Smile, amphibian Servile Fly Crowning frog Prince Order among thieves Plane ticket to France Like a fuck thou ode to you If I had the balls Grinde, white pubic hair Sign of fleeting time old age Now at the ready Bursts over belt loops Designer brand across her ass Guess what your weight? To touch be touched Is everything worth wanting? Yes, there and yes that Mountains but not stone White sculptures too pure for hands I break like a wave A photo is all We have of our rendezvous Between here and there Snow on the ground Streetlamps are on At four o'clock Still white cityscape Belies fury of last nights Edward Blizard Luminescent lures Draw them close to its dark mouth The nightclub swallows Lightning, eyes, flashing And your face, darkens and clouds Thunder comes after Quick steps on hard wood A racing heart Shadow hips Winter is a birth Of lofty expectations For the next season Elton John sings A Texas love song as First snow falls Time flows freely like Water in a river No Dam can hold it back Dusk rain surrenders Bright clouds bleed, a warred Kurosawa sky Graying sky soaring A roof above the heads of Mortal creatures beneath In the hour of Foxes Shadows slip and slink around Edges of perception flesh gnaws at its chains Tainted souls dance in rubble Relieves murmur in the skin Favourite photos on the wall Remind me of who I am But who the fuck are they? Iridescence Painting colour in the moist air Clouds weeping prisms Falls blaze of folly Deposits rich red blood cells On winters, bare bones Freshly shaved legs And washed my sheets today Going to bed, bliss The smell of wet earth Streetlight halos in the rain Yukatta raincoat No washrooms anywhere Crouching behind a tree I can hear everything now Worrying in whiskey? She left again And keeps leaving Burned trees among The fading living Reminding Coffee with Buddha I talk about my worries His dickass smile Broken umbrellas Young women's hatsflattened Cormorant weather Corner store Spiders built a web Across the butterfly nets Creed Moon Still, I turn my gaze back To the muddied path Good night, fair city Your belly button sex drive Makes me fucking sick Trying to tune in A song of the soul, but my "Reception is bad Not willing to leave This imperfect nest, this bird Has so much to learn Sleepcolored Tires on asphalt ' Water into wine Every time you look at me My girl parts get drunk Starling's gossip Amused at our lovemaking The quivering limbs Winter chill Around the windy corner Surprise full moon midnight Bats are diving "It's hot", she says Whiskey and cigars Perfect companions for this Mountainous refuge A thousand lonely writers The bookstore is empty ' Spring football players Pop and hustle grunting Yearless fatter Alone tonight How blue? The moonlit iris The clouds open up A halo of rain downpour Your lips glistening Bagpipe gone, astray Welcome home from purring cat The best elixir Curvaceous woman Vibrates at the edge of you A dark sultry lie Dying oil worker Bedded now and filled with tar Counting his regrets Rain red cobblestone puddles Twitching into circles ' Meditation class He begins by contemplating The blonde's navel Paul McCartney A conspiracy theory He's really a douche Me and my best friend Smoke rollies behind garage Think our moms won't know Shopaholics wet Leather jackets protect well River ice creaks loud Roadside, Jonquils Placed in a glass How quickly? A gap between? Frequent aftershocks Waxeye's feast Drops of cool water From the old spouting Fall onto the lemon tree Lone pine On a windswept cliff Leans to the sea Disused Bridge Mist flows Over the river Driving home? The rainbow Arrives there before me Changing our sheets Cherry blossom Drifts to the floor Camping ground The cries Of other people's children Leaving your home? Kokhai Flowers Flick off my windscreen Therenot there The spider's thread Catchs sunlight Round and Round and round The moon Lamplight A moth zigzags Between stars Benefit cuts Her letter to Santa Goes unanswered Spring Moon She rethreads my dead Nana's pearls Where soldiers? Once slept and died A spider's home Replacing to his letter The paper cold "Against my hand West Coast holiday A ponga frond Unwinding Old pines Each one leans Apart Walking over pebbles Her pocket Grows heavy Sunday morning A dog sniffs the base Of the goalpost On a diet She devours Recipe books Green light A small spider darts Across the windscreen Piercing cold A kea calls Through the mist Children's voices The ducks Swim closer Visiting my ex The dog licks My face "Very wind" Barley heads sweep In a Mexican wave First white butterfly My cabbages Not yet planted Moonlight The stream flows from shadow To shadow Road to the beach Wave after wave of blue Hydrangeas Silver frost A pigeon wing tilts To the rising sun Jagged Mountains A harrier hawk Hangs in the air Offstreet parking Cabbage Tree fragrance Fills the spaces Frost shimmers The distant mountains So close Last sun The footprints over the dunes Filled with shadow Morning shallows The wading birds All conjoint Low tide I walk to you Across the sky All this way In your letter That cigarette smell Checking the map The road disappears In a fold Weather forecast Searching the sky For an isobar Autumn morning Clearing the misty window To see the mist Lemon blossom Accidentally picked Parfums the whole room Grandson's visit We compare notes On his parents Fish and chips night First home The smell Enoughing the mousetrap The tiny drop Of blood Gravestone Under the weeds We will not forget In the dark part Of her wardrobe A snout eyes Summer rain Finding chocolate frogs At the back of the shop Record heat A song, Thrush Beats "Against the tomato cage" Each streetlight With its own rain (clock of Mahjong tiles) Slicing papaya The swing Of her black pearls First dance The moon In her hair Waitangi The parson bird Sings a different song Family photo box How my father smiles? In black and white Raindrops And the sound Of a shoe being unlaced "Bloomy tea, my teeth" Leave indentations In the polystyrene cup To write as simply As you pick A single blade of grass Each day, less light The smell of printers ink On the morning newspaper First snow The eyes of the sparrows Sharp and bright During the rainstorm The child's colouringin' Becoming more intense Winter's end A folded poem Stops the window rattling The storm passes Sundance On the back of a sheep Red Red hibiscus It's stamen casts A purple shadow The old broom Scrubs away Bits of itself A raindrop Riding a spider's thread Leaf tip to leaf tip Aquajogging The instructors, Toenails Malformed blue Artillerie The dog chews An old bone [CLOCKleaders] The synchronized bounce Of ponytails End of a stalk The caterpillar climbs A ladder of air Fallow Field The frosted shadow Of a scarecrow Landing in her lap A scroll of bark From the Euclalypt Losing track Of my thoughts, the flight Of a butterfly My mouth Full of fingers, the dentist Asks about holidays Sunny day Butter melting On sweet corn cobs Bringing This sky inside Breath! Heat of the night The folded stillness Of a rescued moth Pear blossom Where the old white horse? Used to stand Approaching summer The paths of the cattle Through the dew New Moon and Star Just the slightest curve Of her belly Surf, mist The salt of a grief Without tears Frolicking In the disused cow pond Two dragonflies End of summer term Students duties removed From the whiteboard On the battlefield I find half a button Slimed with Moss Gathering Storm The scent of lavender Across the fence Chinese busker The notes of his bone flute Carried on the wind Ghost town The empty highway In the hills Under my hand Slow sweep Of a horse's mane First, frost The camper van On blocks Gloomy day The farmer's motorbike light On the flooded field Summer Dawn The runners footsteps Past the window Above ancient Fortifications Transmitting antenna After your Telephone call The rain Just the retrievers (snay above the stick) Flight of wading birds Wronged ship Besides the memorial A starfish Midnight thirst Drinking from cupped hands? A moth's closed wings In her bedroom All her lovers Only photographs On the front lawn Trying to fly his kite The wind won't Tartan, umbrella My own bright roof In the alleyway Hurting me more The departure Of my son's lover Sheltering also This sandfly On my hand Southerly Storm We give the old ewe a hand With her last triplet Shallow girl in the doorway Impaled on ranks Of friendly eyes Strewn on the road A sixpack of beer And a teddy bear Adventure playground Grandma is stuck In the Fort's entrance Between the playmate's breasts A squashed cockroach ' Wedding photo Towering over the groom The bride's son Whilst Round the Jetty's end Marigolds and a condom Harvesting pears All the street's children Arrive to help Tngrs Bhnd th Bk shds Txtg Moon eclipse Meeting our shy neighbour For the first time Tea with motherinlaw Condescension Clouding the view Washing? My mother's breasts We both giggle Climbing motuara A saddleback, darts Under my breath After the storm The garden flooded With light Family Christmas Sharpening All the knives The fields of Flanders The rich red Of the cemetery gates Waiting at the airport The beaming smile Someone else's husband [Wrinking snow] From the cowshed The tang of silage Christmas Eve The merry flashing Of brakelights Lawyer's office She adds three kisses To the divorce settlement Mountainside The train climbs its own Sound Circus dwarf So high above his hand The red balloon Wedding ring worn thin She kneads dough In autumn sunlight Attic dust Finding my mothers Steps In The empty billboard frame The whole mountain Past the manikin The girl with the same Pout! Dusk Up to my ears In Birdsong Bing house porch A lone male Lights up High The young hooker S Lost tour bus Between fences In Landscape Road Hissing line to China Your reply's Delay! Amish joke Oldstyle stringbase bed Only for unwanted guests Boy Scooting in boater and braces Ignoses Backless benches Verdebrae, follow Straightness Carter polishing hooves Crouches out Of camera shot Admires the new handbag On the window, sill Then Rangitotos Fuji New moon More brilliant than the colour Of my lamp lit hair Again, imagining drifts On a stream through Bridge shadow Silver paper glints Her death's anniversary Origami Cranes Wooted Circle Measured in the snow By a dog's chain Shifting house Hokusais Rolled up on the floor Friends, dog Shakes the Avon River All over our lunch A little frown On my wife's face Unpeeled chestnuts Bright winter day Tattood man takes a child's hand Across the street The little girl Lifts her eyebrows Orchid scent The wind dies Wet paint Smudged on glass Xmas, Lilies On the white tablecloth Child licks the bowl Mountain track The marks of it On his wedding ring Wind over water So easily the cormorant One to the other Better than ever In my neighbour's garden My old roses Yard Yard Cricket Dad and I pick up The kitchen window Midday, shimmer The elderly umpire Closes one eye Tea break A sparrow at point fossicks Among the seedheads Bouncing ball Beating the giggling boy Down the zigzag Me Pulling The weed Winter morning The lame goose lagging a little Behind its gaggle For tonight enough The stars The black sky Catching the rainbow On a floating thread A newborn spider Gentle touch A grasshopper's feet Crossing my own Distinct foghorns Long cries Of the seabirds The cat's fur Bringing in The smell of the hayfield Old man's stick on the path Chip Chip Chippchippchipp Lilac flowers so fleeting Yet so loved In spring, they're everywhere Prize, Chrysanthemum You have written your own haiku You don't need mine Macrocarpa Shade Longens over the hillslope Autumn afternoon [Stacking Firewood] Smell! Of the old forest Watch out for stings When eating wild honey Or reading Haiku? Between breaths Following the white Of this butterfly Drifting evensong Pine needles cloistered In fresh snow Heartsick The floxgloves of my childhood Out of reach First Winter's Day I slip into His gumboots Coming home To an empty house So many stars Winter afternoon One empty space In the library, Carpark Navigatoring These country roads The curl of her hair Day Moon Hoof prints, litter The beach track Heat shimmer A heron drinks From the horse trough Sunsoaked sky Trying out the wisdom Of beach glass Summer heat Overripe plums spill In a bowl Lamp light Buddhas features Flicker! As she turns to leave My mother's Girlish smile Talk of suicide Mother and daughter On the way home On an embankment Three Chinese Gather chestnuts Shorter days Wizened grapes Cling to the vine A man alone On a porch Smoke unfurling Voices of India From a kitchen window Smell of curry Autumn tide The geese changing shape Over an old wharf After lambing [Woman] With trailers Late evening An approaching star Becoming a helicopter Ducklings File across the road Cars scatter Shooting season The village pond Lively with ducks Driving behind a school bus Pupils signal With their fingers Almost spring Snowflakes Weep on my shoulder A blind man fishing Seagulls Loot his bait box Winter camping Footprints end At the yellow snow Health Centre Aquarium At the bottom A dead goldfish Going through customs A chef The sniffer dog pauses On the parched earth Hawk's shadow Warplanes over Iraq Putting on weight The onewalkaweek dog From Paekakariki On the deck Aversed dog biscuits And a marble Your tears at the airport Now it's raining In la Divorced poets Share The same page Your freedom Costing us The Earth Minutes silence Through the loudspeakers Children's voices Butterfly's first flight Sparrow's breakfast ' Our last day Together First, Daffodil After the storm A fallen pine First flower on the kowhai Tapping The boatshed wall A boat A giant rimu falls Within an hour Rain Years later Off the pier The same few boys fishing Exjunkie Two bags In his teacup In the stillness A neighbour shovels Gravel Op shop Pepper grinder Even has pepper Shadows On the chess board Becoming fewer City dump A little boy finds An old speech bubble An ambulance Fades with the distance Sometimes crowded lift No raising Of eyes Tonight As you left Only half a moon Postal box Leting go That letter Kite string Unwinding The wind Chemotherapy Putting on a brave face As she loses her hair Canterbury, Norwester The cat stretched Under the geraniums Skylark Rising And falling Formal dinner The forgotten savour Of Etiquette Nativity scene Angel Waving to Grandma? Riverbank Lined with hats WhiteBay season South Road Crossings on a fence Where a family ended? Nobody home The Evangelists Talk to the dog First love The secret her face Tells everyone Late walk Beach and Moon The same curve All the notes In the Skylark's song Sky Blue Sandflies Tiny bits Of Buddha Summer ice The shopkeeper Bangs his scoop Magnolia Shade Cigardas In both ears Vieve auction No one bids For the sparrows Deepering Deepering In the stream Beyond the yellow gate Marigolds Marigold's marigolds The Thrush Just Part Every morning Waiting for the Kingfisher? Bare branch of the Euclalypt As the days grow shorter Thyme flowers in my garden ' If not for the shadow On the canyon wall I would have missed the condor Clouds Channing clouds The scent of lemon All the way down Freewheeling through Cicada song Adult walk A skip In the child's step This wide sky In the grass A thrush's broken egg Night Storm Her waters Break! Twilight A tui mimics A tui Exposure The Tuatara stares At the class Cold wind Every oystercatcher Headless Cathedral Tour The locals Keep praying Daybreak The baby's first cry Worried by thunder Old dance floor The piano ivories Lifting Hurricane The taste of rain From a barrel Daguerreotype My infamous ancestor In diapers Clouded moon The sound of her slip 'hiting the floor' Childhood home Someone else's mother On the mantelpiece High Desert I'm surrounded By a fly Terminal She skirts The word Neighbours cat The cicada in its teeth Keeps singing Wooted Garden Her puppy Brings it in Bulldozer! A yellow caterpillar In its tracks Bright moon Light years Between starfish Waiting! At Then Tether! Nudges Beaches Teenage daughter Beyond the policeman at the door The street light After the game Full moon Between the goal posts Time on my hands Another birthday ' After the bomb blast Child Picks up In the shed Calendars Of cobwebs My feet up One lazy blowfly ' Sunday at the building site Bees work the Hollyhocks ' Morning tea From the Parakeet's cage A toy bell tinkles Snow covered field The impressions Of angels Another stair The weight of my daughters College bags Nameless dirt road And at the end of it A field of potato blossoms A shrikes cry The river widening At the bend Fireworks at the park Someone brings In a boombox Country graveyard A worn path between The dead Autumn Sunset Fog spills over The coastal hills Cloud peaks Inch by inch, the worm 'Stills its shadow Condescending notes Of a canyon wren Sunset Dexterous smoke The steep mountain road Curving sharply Remembering my mother? A Wood Thrush song At dusk Carrying moonlight? In the house White Peony Stillness In the storm's eye Stars Quiet house A spot of decay On the anthurium Puddle! Just for a moment The moon at rest The ashes Still logshaped Her 21st birthday Rainy day One tile missing From the blue roof Meditation A pinecone plunks The Koi Pond Moon sliver The sound of Dew Dropping from leaves? Morning rain Blue flames flicker Under the teapot Coffeecup, shadow Mother and son In deep conversation Winter sky Looking in My empty wallet again Stable rain Three vultures huddle On a hayroll A cold jar Of young eels The moon in their eyes Wisps of fog Her red sweater Comes and goes Huge cedar Snow resifted Through hemlocks Day Moon Water runs slowly Over a floe Winter rain The flow of ants In the pantry Wind swirls In the nursing home courtyard A few dry leaves Deep winter The old dog's shadow Lagging behind Light from the snow My wife shows me a small bloom On the hyacinth False spring Cougar tracks In moist sand Sunlit porch A butterfly alights On mail from overseas Spring, melancholy A field of rape flowers Gone to seed Sweet peas Tremble on the Trellis The brides I will Melon blossoms A yellowpowdered bee Widows its face Cloudless sky A pheasant flies from The combines teeth The Garden Butterfly My daughter not close enough Then too close Afternoon, Hush The cat takes another step Towards a robin Thunderclap The cadence of the rain Changes Slash burning The Scarlet Tanager Hits a high note Family picnic The youngest child pockets A watermelon seed Sunlit meadow My small knight chases Dragonflies The Drivein movie screen Covered with graffiti Simmering heat Summer noon The hearses blackness Dazzles Outdoor caf A song sparrow Cleaning tables Honeysuckle The mailman takes a sniff As he closes the box City Park A child brings me A dandelion Graveside Service A stray dog pisses On the casket Humid afternoon The Billboard painter Brushing on a smile Late summer Baring the tan line On my wrist Bonsai, gift unwrapped She removes The twist of wire Crowd of umbrellas A child opens his Face to the rain Summer Moon The changing rhythms Of a basketball Faded overalls The garden weeds Touch the scarecrow Summer evening A boat returns to harbor With pink sails Opened door The darkness lengthens In a kitten From the balcony above A hand outstretched Rain Sunrise A mountain's shadow Touches the city Fluttering leaves The play of sunlight On my eyelids Channel Marker Fledgling Ospreys Stretch their wings Handmade paper Ink bleeding into A late summer moon Reading by Lamplight Sounds of a summer night Press against the screen Summer heat A cat drinks the water In the birdbath Concert in the park Slightly raindrops Change the tempo Marmot hole Snow in the shade Of a lodgepole pine First spring day The bareness Of legs Mating season A Marsh Hawk commits himself To the somersault Bear market Still the cherries Flower City dawn Window washers Rise on their scaffold Morning chores The chatter of sparrows Through the dryer vent Sea Rock In an old man's shape Another spring Pulling a weed? The ladybug hangs on For the ride Morning migraine The coo of a dove Outside my window Morning sunshine A wren weaves in and out Of the trellis Starry sky The honks of wild geese Rise from the quarry Cold moon slides Up the long window Shadow of her hand Bare, winter prairie A little smoke rises From an empty field Autumn Wind A tiny spider husk Spins in the moonlight A cottonwood stump Brought in by the tide Sparrow song Solitary walk Dragging the stars Through pines First, frost A daddylonglegs Skims over bright leaves Prairie arroyo Halfgrown bison bulls Corral the trucks December Beach Not a sign to be seen Of Christmas Churchyard manger Knocks in the plywood backs Of the wise men Midsummers, eve The pond's last light Stirred by dipping swallows Dog days The sunstruck arc Of the angler's cast Beach run The salty taste Of myself White birches Fog drifts past The stone cairn Autumn rain The long outside staircase To my room August Moon The coolness of New sheets Splashing Shoal Water strider shadows Cross the bottom Morning fog A worm trail ends In a spiral Stable autumn wind Ballons at the same slant In a usedcar lot A deep bruise I don't remember getting Autumn evening Spring, thunder From the center of a pine stump A pine Winter solstice The road narrows In oneway Summer's end Beachstore buckets on dusty shelves Anyoldhow? Midargument A bumblebee Stoles in clover A spider weaves Among the rosehips No one at home Schoolyard quiet The scribble of ants In a stone shadow Summer Highway Puddles of light merge With the sky The striped racer Slithering to full length Canyon Wildflowers Passing clouds? An ant swings On a grass blade My daughter's graduation A gull separates From the rest of the flock The baby nods Cottonwood Seeds Drill along the road A migrant worker In the native plants median Midday heat Goldenrod Biking Heatwaves Dog days Another block of hay Pops out of the baler Grit in the stomach Of the steamed clam Summer heat Smoldering coals The rattle of blue crabs In a metal bucket Amber, shallows A perch nibbles The sky to pieces The slow blink Of radio tower lights Autumn chill noon sun The cow chews her cud (clockwise) Midday sun My shadow To the ocean floor Passing thunderclouds? A waterstrider's rush To stay in place Evening stillness The small bubbles As the trout rise Autumn River Tried together on the deck Two white chairs High above The end of this long day Sliver of Moon Sunday morning A neighbor comes out To clap his shoes Whilst Through my thought Butterfly Rose, Trellis A butterfly adjusts It's flight Garden swing Cat and butterfly In midair Three fiddlers A dog weaves between Pints of stout She speaks softly She speaks of daffodils I write it down Bumblebee The buzz Between flowers A child's laughter The touch Of a touchmenot Cool summer morning I take my thoughts Out to the porch Lightning flash How short? The stubble Cloudcast afternoon Corn popping On the stove An old man's breathing Littlely moves the newspaper Winter dusk Winter stars Shaking rust down from? The old swing set Grand Canal Row on row of Gondolas Tossing at their stakes [ crochet hook] Pulling the yarn through? Deep November Porn sitting The scallop of Snowy Hills In his gesture Bright Venus Two Hawks settle Deep in the pine Approaching Storm A peacock's cry above The wind Tattered windsock A harbor seal slips between Two dinghies Pond, shimmer There, not there Grebes Early spring The honey pot Nearly empty Goose crossing The old pickups Broken horn Valley stillness A butterfly passes through An empty log Dying stars A hedgehog haphazards It's way back home Filled sunlight Where the forest thins? Daffodils Her gray hair Gone blonde First day of spring Fiddlehead, Fern The way it rolls Off the tongue Sunset Flash of starlings In the acacia Day Lilies Waking to find? It wasn't a dream A grain of rice On the mayor's face New Year's Levee Winter chill Turkey, vultures circling One of their own Long train The roundness of snow On tanker cars Winter tulips Squeaking As they enter the vase Rabbits at dusk As if Foxes did not also Love twilight January The gym crowded With resolutions Forecasted storm The lowbattery In my kindle "Furth Moon" The sound of squirrel teeth On a hazelnut Winter mist At the stoplight, pink sneakers Keep running Lent is over A bartender flips The coaster My housefly's autumn The window with the hills Of apple trees Moonlit waves The glow of streetlights On clapboard cottages Snow in the forecast Some extra spice In the jambalya 12:01 am Flying a drunkard's path The year's first moth Snow erasing The Garden's Features Teaching my dad to shave Unilingual I study the expressions In a wren's eye First cold day The cat kneads A patch of sunlight First flakes Discovering my childhood In a box Orions belt My words byte by byte To another continent After the funeral Snow covers The dark places Rustle of palm leaves Fishers play cards In the boat's shade Roadside Walk A beggar stretches Leg as hand Fiddler's Festival The bull frogs Unreach harmony 'Salely' With dad's old songs Another night of fireflies Adonis Blue Searching in vain Among the Heathcliffs Summer afternoon The saxophone busker Takes a drag Tornado watch Cricket songs carried From tall grass Gypsy violin The wheat harvest Splashing with fireflies Mountain pass wind Whistlers through my pack frame A pika answers Creed Moon Quiet, lullaby From the rocker First flakes The nowhere voices Of Geese The snow Follows Grace Stone soup First In the last trash bag The box it came in Winter frost The sword's sharp shine Out of the sheath A rose petal In the singing bowl First Blackbird All Saints Day, dusk A blackbird's alarm call Sets off another Folding the map Part of the country ends In the ocean New Year's Day The cloud that held the mountain Let's go Winter thaw Probing spiced cider On my lover's tongue Bare trees A request for an update Of my bio Glare, ice The old dog Pees on the moon Sunbright morning Dragons of factory smoke Dissolved by wind After all the things That have gone wrong Plum blossoms I find myself Losing the trail Greening woods Spring cleaning My daughter finds the key To the music box Wind blown snow A ewes cry In the night Mild winter The shore ice Releases its litter Measureing a life From Crocus To crocus Songbird's returning The tunes my father Would whistle? Trail frog The children Jump back! Early spring Speks from the sky Solve near the river The Robin's song [Bail shoots] Lift the soil Daylight saving The neighbor's pregnancy Beginns to show Butterbur The rabbits explore A little further stuffed in a bus The scent of spring In a woman's musk Inside the bud All the reasons To believe The swell Before the river splits In another name From the far bank The twonote squeaks of coot chicks Strobe the river Outdoor wall Banyan, shoot curls In my shadow In the stream A lone fisherman That once was me Stargazer, Lily A dab of pollen on the tip Of her nose Primrose A new nurse hired In the playhouse Sweetfish fall downstream How easily I slip? In yesterday Our legs Stir up phosphorescence The heat Clouds drift The trail of a rain drop On a dirt covered leaf Butterfly The thought of myself Not thinking Yard Sale Listening to sunsets In the conch shell Slow current The rusting shadow Of a truss bridge Peaceful evening The drip Of oars at rest Dusk The home plate, umpire Brushes it off again Piano practice Leaves swirl Allegro con brio Scudding moon A starfish holds fast To the hull Neck Neck Geese First names No longer in fashion Weathered headstones Between roots and branches Century's And a child's swing Autumn Wind I take what I want Of the apples October Fest Too much oompahpah In the mustard Leaves in the wind This time I let him go Godless month A double rainbow Spikes the mourners First snow Cascading through Cedar A woodpecker's call Olive sea I disappear into another Gray Day Too late To call him Dad Autumn leaves Autumn Sunset The flutter of the sail As it loses wind Pale moon My childhood gone With her last breath Baby photos From my birth mother How do I say hello to me? Lame doe at dusk Shifting the weight? Of my day Mom's ashes pass Through airport security Autumn evening First night of fall Most of the moon Spikes through the leaves Another dream About the otherworld Pressed flowers Old postcard A steamship voyage On a stamp Skin Is all I know of me? Distinct thunder Desert Motel Opening the door To starlight Screened window The full scent Of Jasmine heirloom roses She crunches eggshell In the black loam Beacons of rain raspberries holding on To summer Near the horizon A wave forms Touch me there again Moonflower A love letter To Captain Kirk City alley The heart of an iris Holding rain Building thunderhead The white hydrangea Touched with blue Morning walk The stranger's dog Knows my scent Pock Of tennis balls The heat Summit A gnat's weight On my nose [Whispertail] Maybe, I'll Say yes Sagging porch My conversation With a stray dog Home run Moths swarm The floodlights Longest day Rolling each awning Out to its limit Bottom of the canyon A brochure Of spectacular views Dozen house My daughter changes Her mind again Far from home She puts a shell To my ear Summer stars An actor's bow Scrubs the pool of light Morning tide The seaside town Smells of breakfast Valentine's Day Thawing a wild salmon From the supermarket Planetarium My child's grip Starts to loosen Winter solitude Another long night Where things left off? Enough silence A guest pinches A sprig of lavender Spring, dusk A turtle laying eggs In railbed, Cindy Loolknit sweater The spring wind comes to me In a thousand ways Deep winter I hang my shadow In the closet Romance ends Potshaped clods of dirt On the compost pile Smell of Guava A glimpse of my youth In the fruit aisle The softness Of lamb's ears Garden for the blind Slightly winter The press of cold metal Against the paper gown Holidays over Change from someone's pocket Between couch cushions No desire To talk it through First Moon of Winter This way and that Winter sun In a rabbit's ear Stark tree limbs A cyclist, I see Every morning Another new year The reek of gunpowder wafts On the cold night air "Furth Moon" The many shades Of snow A wren at sunrise It seems too early To write of death Stark tree limbs I have nothing Of my hometown Raging blizzard The gritted teeth Of jumper cables Smell! Of raked leaves An old wound Autumn sun The man on a bicycle Huges his pumpkin Autumn Twilight I tell the hostel We're almost there Black Fingers In the dough A hint of winter A faint chance of snow The right money moves For the year ahead Autumn Woods My son and I Not just dna Halloween The white cats Black Shadow The sky Gray with voices Late Geese Shorter days My Medicare card Arrives in the mail Enoughing the trap A pumpkin seed between The mouse's teeth Sunfilled, eddy A swainson's thrush sings An upward spiral Turning tide A barnacle waits On a limpet First drops A frog syncopates With the cicadas Same as it was When we were cavemen The moon Dry September Water gurgles In my fish tank Returning home I cross to the crickets Side of the road Mossy Creek Bank The days when I could be Anything? A butterfly In her cupped hands End of summer Misty morning Lending smell of cattle In abilene Cicada song Spanish moss dipped In sunlight A first kiss On the edge of summer Sand in my shoe Family picnic My son runs a finger Over his birthmark Approaching Storm A fluorescent swimsuit On the clothesline High Desert The weathered rock Gives up a shell Smell of her hair Wave after wave Touches the shore Bullfrogs, croak In the river Women harvest stones Miggestion The red fan opening Fold by fold With a little rain The color returns To a stone Carving emoticons In ice cream Lonely town Octoples I already know The way home Winter solitude The elevator speaks To me Blowing snow I learn the secrets Of the wind Winter sun The soft flicker of waxwings In the firethorn Taking a left? When I should have gone, right? Spring, drizzle Spring Moon Her tippytoes bring her That much closer A red fox Seems disappears Winter wind All day writing poems The sound of paper settling In the bin A flutter! In the does, flank Crocus in snow Good Friday Walking to confession In worn shoes Moonwashed garden Wondering what became? Of the tailless, thrush Blizard from the north The Buffalo Turn To face the white School reunion Failure to recognize The Winter Goldfinch Always making Something out of nothing The brilliance of Crows Midwinter The stillness of the Sardines In the tin A gazillion germs In a sneeze Yet more stars Winter gulls The grit of sand In soap The big dipper My dog keeps searching For the right spot Swollen moon The winter diet Of comfort food Office Aquarium The fish and I In different boxes A pawn sacrificed Keeping the game alive This freezing night Sticked! In the eddy Autumn sky Persimmon Sky Two blackbirds puff up Their silhouettes Two attempts At the trouser leg New Year's Day Snow squeak The longest branch bounces With sparrows Slideshow Our winter vacation The white wall Last autumn colours The Cloister Fountain Keeps singing Antler clash The moose Lock breaths The soft blur Of sleeping swans Winter light First star My son says he knows The speed of light Deep winter I lose my list Of things to do Skylight, raindrop Holding jupiter And the moon Lovemaking Over his shoulder The moon The cricket's song What's left? Of the moon Autumn Zephyr My daughter imitates A maple seed Autumn Woods My last walk as a bachelor Memorizing vows Windblown sky A dragonfly's grip On the clothes line Autumn Orchard The oval of a basket Imprinted on the grass Morning, cicadas A vine reaches In open space Horseshoe Pit A yellow maple leaf Leans on the spike The Vermillion glow From the pistachio trees I knew your father Ears over eyes The pigs stretch out In the evening sun Village Fair Insects fly round and round A tube light Her heart On her sleeve Firefly Keep off grass The tut tut tut Of a sprinkler head Wind waves Through the tall wheat Missing her? Coughatoo, roost The last light of evening Folded in the hills Starry night A black rhino Fills the water hole Bart feet The child squelches Through a cowpat Summer squall Lily pads Hold the pond in place Wild mustard scent A bed Shared with sisters Aroma of coffee In the morning breeze My new lover Catch and release A little shine left On my fingers Simmering lake How unimportant? What's important? Cloud castles The music we heard Just air 'Sale in the bush Just me And a blowfly Skinny dipping Mayflies She'd their skins Illuminating Motel wallpaper Headlamps Rain from the west Sifts through the porch screen The evening, cool Dining alone The festival lights Keep a regular beat In our face The dog shakes off The ocean [Still Road] The clash of umbrellas As we near the Buddha The world a blossom I make up a song For my dog Morning, mist A parrot asks My plan today The puddle Deeper than I thought Enough mailbox The wrens empty nest Just a little less Of the moon Blue Whale The outstretched arms Of a toddler First day of spring A puppy at the pet shop Wags itself Spring A bug, I don't know Looks me straight in the eye Still some snow On the upturned canoe Seed hulls Colorless wind The ashes That don't scatter Curbing map My son shows me the way To Neverland Part street light Part moon light First kiss The taste of smoke In the single malt Autumn deepens Turning leaves He flips a penny In the sun A medevac helicopter Passes low Smell of autumn leaves Dying light Pinkfooted Geese Wade In the sun [Chamber smoke] The long straight rows Of Cornfield, stubble A lullaby Turning to whisper Moonrise Two dragonflies Riding the screen door Autumn deepens Ghost of A white gazebo Night rain Counting the lines On my neck Magpie song Cornflakes Dough with milk All the leaves have fallen Mallet to Chisel Chisel to stone The North Wind Last moon of summer The bottom falls out Of the pitch Cicada, shell The space behind It's eyes Moon The light in the shade Of an unlit lamp Old growth mountain Two red dragonflies, couple And uncouple Full moon The silence of birds Expanding The hand that touches mine From tree to tree The path of wind Wind turbines Grind the sunset Summer's end Welltrodden, rut A line of heifers Watch me pass They speak Of my doppelgnger Autumn's first chill Indian summer A black bear grazes The shriveled berries Dark lagoon A thousand years Of tree frogs The crows Choose headstones July heat Fireworks Her handprint evaporates From the cold glass Hydrangea Over tea mulling the idea Of Utopia Rain forecast Spittlebugs at the Nodes In meadow grass Between two farms One of Barley, one of wheat The old battlefield Windless day One ripe tomato drops From the vine Brilliant moon Sharp shadows of lemons On the stone steps A dry riverbed Cloud shadows moving Down the canyon In ten summers The convict's first visit Dragonfly Home for Christmas The tree losing needles On fake snow As I turn the page Napoleon leaves Moscow Dying winter light Year's first moon The widow turns Her mattress Winter night I dream In monochrome Finally, good news The reflection of my face Inside a tea bubble Dumpster! The iridescence Of starlings Snowy night Drinking tea? From my hometown Over old ground A Dunnock's search In winter shrubs Low tide Gull and Gannet shadows Pick shells Spring peepers Raindrops stipple the creek In chorus Cherry buds So much effort To be nice Prom day On my daughter's waist A boy's hand Village in the mountains A stray dog becomes Our Trek Guide Baptism Song A turtle slips In the river Yard Sale A family portrait Bought for its frame Just how? To hold you Paper kite Willow The limits Of happiness Towing A rainbow Baby duck Pool filter A child's collection Of dandelion wishes Beach Cottage The musty smell Of old novels Cradling her belly Waiting for someone who Is already here? Autumn I count once again Tulip bulbs in the bag The bus is late Across the twilight river The wheeling starlings Another morning Of mares tails The wisp of a sigh Different carols Two drifters singing For spare change Indian summer The soccer net ripples With a goal Remembering to let them? Speak first Cosmos in the rain Change of seasons I catch myself talking To the wind Waiting room Someone whispers Be morning soon An inchworm [Schuling thin air] Christmas morning The old moon Everyone else I've outlived Back to school Unlearning The whole summer The way It feels to hold you Gibbou's moon Still reflecting Upon creation Dragonfly eye Manna, gumtrees The sugar glider's belly Before the moon [Kild line] The screech Of Infinity Schoolyard Fence When did I end up? On this side A berry's curve In a crows beak Harvest Moon Autumn sky The paint worn thin Around the birdhouse door Watching the deer Watch my morning train Pass by Faces put on At the family gathering Watermelon, rinds Feather tree It's shade Shapes the herd Lonely is a place Inside The call of a loon Bomb shelter My old belongings Huddle in the dark Night sky Our long look at The past Sunrise The full arc Of sprinklers Foxglove A Hummingbird adjusts The breeze Concrete The jungle Within me Cold overnight No way of knowing Where the loon will surface? The Nights Crickets Never silent Never seen Adjoining properties The cut Of the mower blade Afternoon tea My mother Speaks her history White butterfly I'm also ready To surrender Hayshed The old iron roof Straining daylight Telephoto lens The loons call Comes into focus Summer commute Again, a truckload Of crushed cars Trail signs Pausing To find myself Her eyes Say yes Fireflies Reflecting pool She tosses coins in Without looking Lake of Stars The taste Of Polaris Spring Whistling through? A blade of grass Mild weather Their argument continues Outside War veteran Lobbing grain At his hens Blue rain A kayak frozen In the slipstream Pool drain The frogs I couldn't save Town gossip A rototiller's blade Turning up stones Army Hospital He Fingerspells I love you Buttercup, meadow A blackbird rises At the twigs snap Recession Poke salad growing In a sidewalk crack Remembering? A mayas feather In dawn light The almost Of crabapple buds Hazy sky I will not leave Apple blossoms collect On my shoulders Incense for remembrance Water trickles down The mountain side Matching exhales With the sleeping dog Bone coloured mist [Salesuds] Mother tells me how She'd like to die Construction site Yellow Ribbons Explain the future Puddle! In the umbrella Morning sun Childless I measure time By how the willow grows Easter fog lifting A blowfly rises From Roadkill Cemetery bees Her last diploma Made of marble You are here The crisscross Of snow flurries NEW YORK: Snow The warmth In a hare's paw Shortest day of the year A peculiar voice From each appliance Her last words Snow falling On beech leaves Thirty below zero Losing my faith In turtles Morning Moon A Peregrine Beginns its dive Mouse The sound Is enough? Soft moonlight A second owl Answers Wings of grass What remains? Of her snow angel Streaming towards The Winter Sunset Crematorium smoke Panfried trout I learn something new About my father Closing time Winter dusk slides down The book drop Summer The sound of rain On canvas Moonlit The pure white life Of the lily Dog days The damp dishcloth Beginns to smell Enough fairgrounds Tent peg holes Half filled The last light In the Hollers Of children Heat lightning For all the right reasons We wait Distinct lightning A blackbird tears flesh From a ripe cherry Milkweed drift I take my chair outside To wait I lift her She lifts me The fouryearold Overcast morning A yellow warbler Tests each branch Imagining I've learned to dance First, Quince blossoms More thunder Ants do ant things To the peonies Honeymoon Island She brushes sand off The chessboard At the campfire Another round Of ringtones The marigold In a plastic cup Mother's Day Bobwhites Throughout the canyon Sunset colors Last day of school Paper butterflies Unpinned from the board Skinnydipping River current streamlining My body Nightfall Blowing out The marshmallow The faint shine Of camellia buds Winter Moon Not a bride anymore Still the plum Bluffs Lambing The smell of wet sweaters Fills the barn Spring downpour So many words For rain Boads lowing A clod of earth Clings to the fork Sunny wall The marks of time On my skin The Valleys Browns Still edged with white Tinkle of the beck Spring rain My garden Still in packets More rain I know I know I squawk back At a jay Lilacs in bloom A clerk washes The town hall windows North Dakota Border Slosh Of the Greyhound toilet My son's birthday A red poinsettia leaf Flutters to the ground Clear cold night My dog barks At his own echo Restless night The threadbare edge Of her quilt Winter blues The harmonica man plays For Wall Street Moldering leaves The wind blows me Deeper into winter First Winter's Day I slip into His gumboots Winter sunlight The birdsong that lingers In Evergreens Caught in a lie icicles shatter On the stones Waiting! Becoming living Late winter Tried up By churning waves A painted open sign Without you is better Oak leaves, rattle "Against the moon" Driving to the airport? The smell of dog Lenders on my hand Seascuffed Cave The Peregrines cries Lost to the firth A sales call My only conversation Autumn, loneliness Father asks If it's time to go Cricket song Hometown The hug Of the hills October evening Somewhere a scrub, Jay Keeps asking Death anniversary Prayer flags drip In the rain Rests of pine Filling with twilight A coming going world Sunrise over the lake The pregnant woman Swims on her back Sound of rain The faded e on The Internet caf keyboard Deep night Spending some time Putting stars together Rocky Shore Waves break The gannets huddle Toothache A woodpecker comes To stab the suet Tether life Spiting back part Of the beach Moon The way it looked When I was young The feel of a stone Through the pickaxe handle Forked lightning Drawing me To the edge Canyon wren Cigarette stubs In ashtrays In old photos An ant Carry more than its weight Morning prayer Summer opera Her fan stops fluttering During the main aria Creak of floorboards The musty shop smell Of ancient redwoods The drought year Written in flies On the riverbed Cliff dwellings My perspiration salts Ancient stone My 73rd summer The shadows Of butterflies Dog days The wind harps Lost chord Chanting over The rustle of Peepal leaves In the temple Swelter! The brick carriers hod Heavy with shade Deserted street The hot wind rolling An empty can Morning, mist The squirrel Swaps, poplars Spring rain The cleaner everyone likes Comes to say goodbye Pink, Diana Two parasols bend To the scent One song Answered by another Ocotillo blooms Mango season Married long enough To eat in silence A silent stirring In the wood, anemones White butterfly Rush hour The smell of green onions On the crosstown bus Soft breeze A hyacinth Fills me Skunk cabbage I've decided To say nothing Fossile forest Your cheek against mine For a photo Scarred by skates The spring ice Moans Slow train home A man skims ecclesiastes On his kindle That yellow bird's back How we end up? Where we do? It must've happened before A drop of spring rain In my green tea Spring sun I wait for the snake To move Permanent The garden I dream of Loblolly Pine The scent Of grandfather's diary Dandelions All these clothes That don't fit So lightly A morning rainbow disappears In the rice, paddy Kite Festival The startling red Of a cockscomb A crow cleans its beak On an icecovered bough Early morning sun Her illness Beyond our care Winter birds Deep snow hoses curled Under the sundeck Morning prayers The suet cake Pecked thin Everything We have in common Plum blossom rain A nursing home blanket Over all her sharp edges Midwinter The difference A sparrow makes Bare branches Deep winter A seal skin tacked To my neighbor's door New moon My friend coming out Of her dark phase Do we all? Mark, time With blossoms A crow, pecks At something small and still Autumn, dunes She salts the soup Without even tasting Autumn sky Squealing Garden The way the blackbird sings From the metal tree Winter solstice Cranberries popping In the saucepan New Year's Eve The lights of crab boats Immediately spaced The uncarved faces In the pumpkin fields Diagnose day Autumn, mist The homeland, I know Only in dreams Nightfall A freezing wind brings The chimes of goat bells A star It's only Light years Each of us With a story to tell Winter stars Summer ends The wallah takes down The raincoat array Fine, mist He says frogs I say crickets Kindergarten drama The leafy sea dragon She'ds her sleeves Top down day A yellow leaf Dride's in The old ball field A turnstile Going nowhere Autumn Twilight The boarded up window Of the tree house Melancholy Runs in the family Sparrow song Heron in flight The rowing coach Claps out a rhythm Sunset clouds The decoys touchups In a different hue Geese going gone The thought of filling My father's shoes Shanty Town The jagged edges Of moonlight Koi Pond How we imagine? Inmortality Nuclear disaster The heads of state Share a cucumber Approaching rain The smell of sauerkraut Lenders on the stairs Cyclone warning The cracked red paint Glistens with rain Spring day The cord zings back In the vacuum Downwind The breath Of lemon blossoms Butterfly Linging on the breeze Her first kiss Village Road The jingle of bullock carts In the mist Spring day 'Anchorment said No flowers Progress The cobweb repaired where It crosses the gate latch Dogwoods The stench of Baby questions Dancers! Above the hedgerow Just her hat Water Unusual water A spider into the bud Easter morning Three silos On the horizon An eye In the window Of a birdhouse The pause He takes on his flute Spring rain Age 88 All the whatchamacallits In the spring, wind Third day of snow Neighborhood kids build A rhinoceros Winter morning Two butterflies Warm the garden Narcissus My heartbeat races Towards its end A setback In her treatment Frosttipped lavender New Minister Glears guide a spring rain Back to the Earth March Snowmen Picasso's appearing On front lawns Miles of silence A chill on my thigh When he changes gears Snowmelt The caw of the crow returns To the hickory Snowdrops surround An empty snail shell Pale day moon Terrorist Untangling My knotted Rosary Postop The Holy Medals Features Imprinted in my palm Hunter's Moon The gator's eyes Hold the light More space For the Raven's voice Winter sky Cloud dragon Eating its own tail Epiphany Day Muted sunlight The crisp corners Of the folded flag Last light Prying a pigeon From the dog's mouth Frostsparkled paddock He digs the grave A little deeper Winter solstice Reading glasses To see myself Winter pear My breath condenses On the knife Crocus buds Secrets we've kept From each other Autumn trees Getting her to Do the talking End of Harvest Pulling out the leaves? Of the table Secondhand bookshop Red wine stains In the Autumn sun Map in hand, I search For my grave site Urban planning A row of poplars At earlevel Full moon The scent of cocoa butter On her baby bump Remains of daylight The wind rattles With old mustard "Moreing" The mask The mime The knife sharpener On his bicycle Falling leaves Fish scales On the serrated knife Catching sunset Aspens In a circle Twilight Wild mustard To all the wishes wished here Add this one of mine Revolution I slice the lemon In itself Harvest Moon The circus disassembles Pole by pole First day of school My son brings home His peach stone Summer stars My children ask me To name a favorite A white feather Without a bird Flies by Urban sprawl A huddle of hard hats And a dead tree Too far away To see the flag Full moon Parfum of cedar He tucks the twig Behind her ear Temple bells The clink of coins In ceramic pots I check once again For any missed calls? Interruptive rain Crewelwork The Musty scent Of geraniums High sun Ants to the top Of the okra stalk August Rain The one bitter almond In a whole bag Nailing roof iron? With my father's hammer The echoes Attic light Dust rising from the dark In the magic hat Ebb tide Mangrove Roots Hold A downy feather Dental's window Birds picking out The sunflower seeds Low tide Dusk collecting In the shells The snow melted Fences reappear Between neighbors Nuthatch! Headlong down the oak Vernal, Equinox Spring morning Doing something new? With pink scarves Straggles of mist ancestors evaporating In a Highland Dawn All that stirs In the rivers womb Spring rain Log split A moth Flies out Spring shadows New razor For the teenaged son First swallow of the season Modiglianis woman Longing for it Resurrectile sky Mother somewhere between Here and there One year on A blackfaced sheep Grazes the regrowth Winter shadows Adding water to the last Of the soup Snow beginning to drift My mother shares memories She never had Midwinter night Between the swells Beyond the surf Meandering Along the ice cracks A midnight moon [Camphor flame] A mother directs her child To pray Winter roses Father shows us photographs He no longer sees Deep winter How often we opened? Windows to persimmons Here, other Than winds lamentation Nothing is Winter stillness Turkey tracks frozen In the ice Reconstructioning A field mouse Owen Pellets Late fall Eamonways In the canopy Gifts from my mother Unwrapping them With their shadows Sipping tea Pine needles, brush My window Left soaking In dishwater The long night moon Bright winter night My head Made of glass Dry leaves Between each step A silence No season word Yet, autumn pervades Her suicide note Solstice light I take What is offered? Log fire! The steady click Of knitting needles New Year's Eve The harpist's fingers Gleep toward midnight Autumn begins The crack of an acorn Under my shoe The morning moon Embracing me To my new job Rifles A belted kingfisher Splinters the light Maroon recliner Unwanted in the corner Motionless sea Prairie sky The trucker secures A wide load A fossil fish In a box of beach sand First day of school Almost dusk The trawler, men Drink tea Dads, Yahrzeit A white moth Clings to my window Ships rail Moonlight all the way To the moon Indian summer The distance Between roses Dry Brook A choice Of stepping stones First, men on the moon The first time I tasted (Streetsnake) Heat spike A blister beetle probes The Cactus Flower I remember Your braid Girl gone to soldier A mill wheel Slowly turning More and more stars Stormwater The autistic boy Beats his drum Skinny dipping The black eyes Of the fish crow The child A bit ahead of us Summer stars Hiroshima Day A giant peony blooms In my dream Moonless night I close my eyes And disappear Early morning silence Soon enough Everything Summer solstice One flipflop Circulating the pool Shade for the longest day of the year ' Clouds will never feel again Landfall For a jellyfish And lightning For a moment Your shadow Is my shadow? Drawn blinds Just in time, a skink slips From my sandal Cumulonimbus A man rolls a cardboard box Too large to carry A girl's laughter Waterfalls flinging Rainbows Shooting star My wish for An unhurried life The woman I say I don't love Key lime pie Afternoon tea Each ant takes away A granule of light Along the roadside Dixie cups Of summer wind Fording the river The moment closest To neither bank North star So many places To call home Distinct galaxies Taking another Wrong turn Heat lightning The fly moves below My ankle bone Day Moon The hollow sound Of the water tank Summer night The coin laundry's Fishless tank [Gheebell] A star Goes out Midnight, dusk The blur of moths Around a buddleia A deceased friend Taps me on the shoulder Plum blossoms falling A drop of pond At the end of a beak Setting sun Gunshot Every pine needle Pointing at something New Year's Eve An invitation To be Japanese The rasp Of a homemade broom Morning chill Master Potter Almost not touching The clay Scalling waves Mother darns a sock By candlelight A slight tinkling In the dishwasher Winter evening Junco's burst From snowy bushes The glitter Freezed Moon A red pagoda In the fishbowl world Saffron Dawn A leafless tree Live with Birdsong Halloween A sky full of waxwings Feath to the rowan Snow before dark The field bundled In Bales The neighbors All seem busy Last day's of fall Almost winter The spider Makes a repair Pumpkin carving Many faces Come to mind Evening walk The deer must Know me by now Plymouth Rock Generations of boaters Debating the moon Condo Skeleton The Hunter's Moon moves To the penthouse floor Winter solstice Every windshield Transports a sun Fly after fly The steady swish Of a bull's tail End of summer Our daughter's vacation Gets shorter each year Near sunrise The aspens already Alight Labor Day A crown of mushrooms On the compost pile Morning sun The headstone shadows Aligned High tide A plastic dump truck Moves another shell Harvest time The doubts that leave The doubts that remain Morning fog A few poppies Burn through Harvest feast The warmth Between my parents Kitchen conversation We allow the dusk To linger awhile Midnight Moon Dark stalks of Spanish dagger Pierce the snow Soft rain The clatter of young barn owls Trying their wings Bleak morning Her footprints Filled with rain First love All but forgotten The Meadowlark's song Sun clears the ridge A finch's gold Flickers in the woodpile Eggshell fragments What I know of the mother I've never known The cries In the Marsh Rain [Jack] Snipers! Old Cemetery The gate swings Both ways Bathed in sunlight The day roost Of the rufous owl Climbing out Of the oceans roar Cliffside, Daisy Winter solitude A potato Beginns to sprout Clinic waiting room Beyond the window blinds More walls Clear and cold The Home Health Nurse Late again On the ride home River ice breaking Our silence Feeble light The slow melting Of eucharist Meditation The dent in the monks Head! Black ice Dad's bloodwork In New friends The potholed road To their house Sound Over white waves Swan Pear blossoms On the windshield We wave goodbye Posting the cards? Almost enough snow For a snowman Winter solstice Her first kiss Since the divorce Winter solstice Halo of a candle flame Behind a drawn shade New Year's Eve Remains warming In the pot Going back In the memento box Everything fits Festival of Lights The old dog Beating biscuits My tea cup Still too hot to hold The shortest day Last day of the year Red plastic roses Dying in the shop window Dryed Anemone In a diary No, when no, where, no why? Thinking The unthinkable Old cat Hind of frost The spruce tipped With Jupiter Pumpkin weather The big smiles Of the candidates Withered corn The runner in last place Turns it on Mountain music The poverty In minor chords Thanksgiving We have the wind chill To talk about Cold snap A bite Of the radish The doctor says ' All hallows, Eve Miles to go The grazing Roadside Deer Ease squirrels chasing Each other I am still alive Shadows Drifting into the garden The Hunter's Moon Perseid shower Tiny green apples Dot the lawn Child's grave From birth to death The moon Old stream The moon floats into The blue hour Squabbling squirrels I no longer remember the names Of childhood bullies Indian summer A kid drags his backpack In the dust Yellow leaves Her 30step hopscotch In pink Down the street And back again October Wind Ancient courtyard Bagpipes and drums pulsate Through the cobblestones Ochre moon The roadtrain's light In the Kangaroo's eyes Readying for bed I open the shade And let in the moon Sun low Chins rested On the losing oars Dusk Sandpipers, jab The foam Outside the wake Cigarettes Dot the dark Autumn chill The cracks, I don't Step on Autumn light The cantor sings A sinner's prayer Almost a moon The weight of the glass As it empties My sister's side Of our childhood Moonlit night Early autumn The old priest Trembling with tolls Blue Asters ' Shared grief The splash of oars In the fog Snap of a clipboard In the Allday Workshop The heat Heat lightning Christmas beetles Sponggle the fly screen Yet again By the river A pair of knickers Old Pond If only my face Would stay so smooth Bamboo bending In the wind I bargain for mangos Knowitall's talk Through rolled down windows Dusty road Village Festival The last firework Joins the moon Aftershock A tremor lingers In the dog Waning summer moon Mom and I Compare hands Summer's end A dogchewed stick By the edge of the pond Cocktail chatter Fruit flies sally Glass to glass Bottlebrush in bloom There was a time in my life When I wore red Breathless, quiet Of a summer evening Ship in a bottle Forested, ravine Just enough light, let through To gild a ripple Wildflowers Today's news the same As yesterday's Hummingbird With the wave of an arm I work out her tattoo Never more open The precision Of a water lily Tangled roots At the high tide line A white feather Sunset stretched shadows A strawberry seller holds out The day's last box Where words? Fall away All of the lily Summer solstice The old canal lock Cranked wide open Parfum Fills the gap Between the flowers Bullfrog Moon Silence goes Where the heron goes? Scalling waves Our footprints meet In the sand Shiny! Tin can Maybe peas Teashop table I watch rain drops Pop on the road Irises open or closed The round mouth Of the iron bell Starry night The space in me She fills Sound of a car Hitching the manhole Allday, drizzle Seeing She loves me The blue of the sky All night rain She begins with Let's talk Brisk breeze The wayward kite stretching A boy taut Graduation A bee crawls on the cap In front of me Barnacles Persuade along the pier Our second honeymoon My future From beyond the fence [Woodbells] Dry season ends The scent of wet earth Saturates me Class on the quad My eyes drift To the afternoon moon Thunderhead Flies return quickly To cantaloupe rinds 13th birthday Wild rose buds Unged out Childhood home My climbing trees Phantom limbs Spring morning I decline the offer Of a draw Fountain pool All the circles Where the coins used to be? No wind No breath to lift the sails Baby Swans The flag at half mast Orchard blossoms fill The bigger picture Getting acquainted? Some wild mint In the garden In a nut shell There is never Enough room How to dress her? For eternity Bliss rain On hold The rain Turning to snow Hill climbing With each step, Beech leaves Younger and younger Bend in the river Swans introduce their young To the flock Migrating Geese The things we thought we needed Darken the garage Looking Not looking Roadkill Each streetlight With its own rain Click of Mahjong Tiles The first night The bright stars Below the horizon News of her death On the night table The book unsigned Hummingbird flight The swiftest movements Are invisible The last [stair step] Breathing the sky An empty chair Besides me Crickets requiem Softly at first On a swollen wind Voices in the rain Harp music Wild pear blossoms In the teacher's window EB T tide beach So much to be treasured Left behind Twilight beach A full moon rises from The darkening sea Late summer One floating leaf Already red Late summer clouds A light breeze, rustles White hydrangea First, frost Golden foliage holds The sunlight A faint silver line Arches the night sky Moonbow Gray, summer sky Seedbeads, sparkle On a blue silk thread A final splash While the light holds Golden shafts Clear sky How much she loved? The color blue Sunlit hilltop She gently sets down Her daisy chain School closed Fireflies gather Under the willow This lambent light Over autumn fields Southbound Geese Morning, glories Butterfly's Were they not right here? No last goodbye So soundlessly the turtle Returns to the sea Reading her poems The stillness of Hummingbirds In flight Windborne seed I have No doubt A beach dune Drops a little sand The Autumn Stars A voiceless cicada Quivers on the reed by The heron's nest Flowering briefly You And the spider, Lily The poet Sings a new song Sound of rain Birdsong A clothesline Dripping light Shore for the poet Shore for the poet's work Water lily fragrance Round and beautiful The moon breathing with cut grain Slowly moves westward Autumn The great blue Gone from the Marsh Favourite hymns Prayers worn deep In the wood Autumn Moon Turtle crawls In the sand A handful of coins Tried for love, magic shifts In the river, depths September, mist Someone I've lost Summer clouds The steps to the lighthouse Are painted blue? Sweet, Magnolia Spanish moss leans With the breeze More darkness More stars Autumn begins New coolness The old dog stays Closer to home Half moon Your half interest In the tryst Seventhinning stretch A foam finger pointing At the autumn moon Falling leaves My friend and I Discuss clutter Gray morning The concrete business Of pigeons Rocking chairs Chained to the porch Leaves in the wind Moon viewing One of the garden lanterns Lights up Autumn Wind The leaves, too Made of oak All hallows, Eve Mossdraped hemlocks Fade into night The spiral In a red hothouse rose Year's end Longest day Dinning cornbread? In buttermilk Heat wave A fly moves slowly Away from my swat Brush fire The sun goes down In flames Withering heat On the sheds tin roof Green, black walnuts Last blackberries Again, she playfully Tells me to shush Summer rain Waking to find the tent, the size Of a mosquito Random beach stone Imagining My biography Field of sunflowers At the edge, a boy In a yellow hat Summer's end The Wisteria Doubles back Moonrise Black Swans make way For the rower Opening day For sidewalk dining A waitress pulls weeds Gray tree frogs Calling from the ditch Wrong side of the tracks Up the mountain The dog brings His own ball Starry evening I can still Make you laugh River narrows The pitched call Of an osprey Uptown, CAF She picks the flowers Out of her salad Red Campion The pathway unwinding So easily Mountain top In the valley deep below Death bells Enough farmhouse A vine wrapped around The weathervane Damn spring evening Body smells Of the homecoming dog Unmarked graves The wind holds A hint of sea Half sun A ewe rests her chin On her dozing lamb Wild seeds The garden Arranges itself Bluffs Some of her words I know by heart Lake Mist The shaman speaks Of water spirits Brittle cold The day moon Half gone Farm for sale The grandchild picks A bouquet of weeds April playground Only the teacher Wears a coat Swollen river A Jacaranda Bud In the child's palm Thirdday Moon My side of the pizza With anchovies First, frost Radish seeds rinsed For the sprout jar What she said? Driving home? The sound of blinkers Slightly cries Through the pines Plough of Geese Memories The soot On the roof tiles Frozen rain The one who took The placebo Thanksgiving drive After the bustle Quiet fields, deep shadows Crow, caws In all directions The endless traffic January The wind ruffles Walking crows Night crossing Salt spray rises Up through the anchor hole Taking his leave In a winter dream My oldest friend Fall morning Men move lumber From pile to pile Moonless night The wet trash bags Reflect the stars [Blowwater stream] The leaf that bumped my ankle Dride's on Late afternoon Liquidamber leaves In the hamper Sunlit moon! The whiskey shines Between sips Autumn, Equinox Salamander's cross the road From both sides Cicada, husk On the campus sidewalk Sound of the fountain A Marsh Harrier Slow over reed plumes Indian summer The Blues song In another chord Autumn deepens Wild thoughts The late Geese And their bugling Deep in the cedars Walking to the jingle Of our bear bells Rib shadows On a loping coyote A field of cut hay Released! The day's only catch Summer slips away Autumn afternoon In the cemetery Every bench taken River washed stones Remembering a woman? Who knew how to love? Dry grass The rattle of ice In the tea pitcher Summer's end A crawdad's firm grip On hotdog bait [Blowwater River] The boat At dragonfly speed Garden bench My warmth left For the autumn rain Deep night [Clocking the Moon] By the pine Pink sunrise The black seeds Of a watermelon Evening cool Two barefoot boys Fish the stream Heat wave Children's voices After dark Thunderclap The warmth Of her breast Gone to seed A wish, not mine Broughts by Salad days The heat of hormones And beach sand Young boys Wrestling in the yard Wild rhubarb Boys, Dorm The glow of a firefly In a bottle Robbing the bees She speaks of Lip balm! City Park Sun getting low In the bottle Sunday afternoon End of a dog's leash Whispering through the grass The long heron aawk Toward a tree Middle of my daydream Tailflicking cattle Mired mid river The heat Loons scattering A floatplane touches down In summer Moonlit grass And black shapes of cattle A distant flute Street fair Easy to find The balloon man Roadtesting Her electric car The silence of stars Chilies roasting The old pickup truck Backfires Getting acquainted? Our children Fight over a seashell Summer rain I walk through the odor Of the sky Cinco de Mayo Losing my daughter To the dance floor Temple steps A man with a snake Offers to tell my future Mother's Day I cut the long white root From a carrot Deep in thought The pitcher plant Wide open Warm day A koi sways On her fan Still not tired To give April tree A moment alone In the desert of Iraq Her damaged photo Butterfly Garden A big voice answers A small one The day begins Relatives of dinosaurs Darting singing Near the mountain top The wind doesn't stay On the path Auction Day Dead leaves swirl Around the stone seat Wordless In my borrowed tongue Plum blossoms Unseasonal heat A woodpecker And it's ideas A blossom In the bird bath Sunny side up Mind chatter Interrupted By wildflowers [Still sidewalk] I'm under her umbrella For a moment First, Sumie My apologies To the bamboo Each needle On the saguaro First light Stray thoughts A butterfly probes The netting A handstand Just to see if I can Honeysuckle One leafs Slow somersaults Oh, to start over Grandad's story Candle light flickers In the snakeskin's eye North Wind The holes In my beliefs Valentine's Day I divide The orange segments He rolls a smoke With blunttipped fingers Huddled sparrows Winter sun The spine of one book Out of line A blizzard outside I want to believe What the preacher says [Knightling] No time like now For that first kiss Power breakdown A mother nursing In the dark Canyon winds Pine cones skip From Cliff to Cliff Strawn clouds How it feels? To hold a rake Chicken wire The softness Of the rabbit's nose Labor Day The crease finally worked In new shoes Hot night An odor widens Her nostrils Dog days The ice cream jingle A fourmeasure loop The close of day Only a peg and a finch Left on the line Low in the West Under the belly of a dog The setting sun Summer Pond No more room For the blue sky Day Moon The street vendor's arms Gleaming with bangles Hearing it first Through the dog Distinct thunder Evening Moon The last bale of hay Acknowlems the conveyor A baby's lost sock soaking up the dew Dandelion Spits Meandering stream Clydesdale's rest their heads On each other's rumps World's apart Two riverworn pebbles In my palm Graduation packed A door is open To the cooling world Cornflowers Brighten the kitchen My mother's eyes Hot blue sky Lamb's blood On the rook's tongue Our cab ride One love song longnbsp Spring Moon Young daughters [Whisper in the gallery] Statue of Zeus Rainpocked dust The shell of a snail Not yet hard Cooling the air Trees in a village Sketched by Czanne Another mother Calling her child too The dark of the wind Creed Moon The cat grooms The tip of his tail First spring day Picking up? A warm stone In the teeth Of a cherry petal wind Sparrows A tangled nest Of fishing line Spring Birdsong Stern Wind The branch an Osprey Adds to its nest The kittens Can't yet see us Spring night Overflowing mailbox Arm deep In Forsythia Steppingstones In the pond Tadpoles Wooted Pond I play the role of a ghost To fish Cold snap The scent of garlic clings To his meat grinder Year's end Clouds carrying off Scraps of moonlight Tracks Of the pallbearers Winter dusk Unlabeled shapes From the back of the freezer Winter stars "Dancing Moon" The pregnant moose Solves into snow Candlelight The room shrinks and grows With every breath Closed casket The funeral directors Peppermint breath Winter stars The fishing holes Left behind Deep winter The old cat squeezes Between us Winter's end A smell of curry In the old people's home River gravel The stone I once skipped Freeway, drizzle He helps his only daughter Move out October sunset The glow of tomatoes On the sill The mugo pine Gathers maple leaves My husband chose me [Swiper] Weather The tip of a cane In the crosswalk Gibbou's moon A paper cut From? "Awakening" To the flyoff, Shuffle Of pigeons from the roof A grackle In every tree Random thoughts Train rails Lead away from here Autumn Wind Not as funny As it sounds Dead duck! Strangler, fig The cooling shade Around me (nbspnight) Garden All the births and deaths That will go unrecorded Virgin Forest Moonlight sinks into earth With my pee Last bittern I hold the paddle tight "Against the current Our passing breeze A do not disturb sign swings On the hotel door Summer dusk A white flag waves From the tree house Dying embers A few new twists In an old ghost tale What we don't speak of The rainsoaked gate Swollen shut Released him The bull trout's back Scarred by talons Drifted sand Over campfire, Ash Summer's end Paddy Fields A heron glides past Button backs of women The hills stir With unmown hay Summer dusk Faraway voices Fishing nets thrown In the spotlight Village pool Children beat sunlight In Stars The attic My shortlived dreams Under the ceiling fan Road just paved A cucumber picker, hoists The wooden crate Starry night My child makes More than one wish Solar eclipse The cat aroused By settling birds Sandcastle My child in His own world No longer lovers The Rosebush you gave me Has bloomed at last Longest day Children fishing For ant lions Black clouds The rain barrel still full Of cobwebs Shallow girl First to notice The Hummingbird's tongue Clearcut Forest The way No longer the way Monsoon wind That touch of dust On the rain scent Summer morning A butterfly floats through The teashop door Mojave sunrise A splinter swells My fingertip Tshirts versus skins A vulture spirals In the sky Historic tour The guide points out buildings No longer there May sky From head to tail The Cardinals, Vibrato A fisherman On my weeping rock Azalea's in bloom Buttercups, dot The Downland pasture Capering rabbits Bee season She asks me to listen To her fruit trees Summer rain The potted plants Push against the glass Lilacs at dusk Ready or not? Here I come Field of dandelions Thousands of wishes Going unused Billabong, splash The next turtle climbs To the snags tip Slicing papaya The swing Of her black pearls On her cheek An eyelash darker Than her own Frosted grass The new calves Butt heads First day of spring The murmuring pulse Of raven wings Coin in the mud Sinking deeper Heads and tails Window warmth Flies that came in yesterday Want out? Softly raining This planet has so many Mouths so many teeth Skyes softening The Pond ice Breaks from shore Spring flood The ache Of old loves Barn swallows Pop leaves the door Open a crack Role marks On the Mustang's neck Spring wind After the rain Smell! Of childhood Gray light Of the coming rain A raven's cry Life alone [Licking] The ladle The full moon Above a field of snow Staying up a while? Deep winter The sound of mail dropping Through the slot Long winter My wife slows her pace To mine She shows me The first snow A finger on her lips Coffee to go A dusting of sugar In with my change Crow, caws A flow of sap From the maple trees Long thaw Porridge putters In a pan Almost spring The lace of my running shoe Trips me again Dryed apricots A comfortable silence Between us The worn away paint Of canted boats Geese winging in Aubergine clouds A peacock's shriek Deepens the gloom [Wootball rust] Stuffs the sink Whirling leaves Overcast day How does it go? That song about love Beach stones The weathered softness Of old jeans Autumn air The diminishing trail Of voices Stable downpour A forever stamp On the condolence card Autumn rain Buttoning the thirtysix Pearls on her gown Fog in the valley The cd she gave me Stutters A killdeer pretends Her wing is broken The smell of cut hay Summer day A census taker pushes The rusty bell The slight hesitation Before our sails fill Summer's end Spring breeze It's just not the same With open eyes Our house for sale Blends for apples That won't be mine Spring morning Ballons cover The vendor's face A line borrowed From another poet Spring rain High clouds The crane worker lowers He's himself A warbler Wiking the song In blossoms School closings The snowmen arrive Flake by flake The second opinion No worse than the first Groundhog Day Fat bellies Of sparrows February's extra day Winter sunshine A cockroach also comes out Of the hole Latewinter, twilight He comes home Without the dog Speaking my mind A log tumbles Out of the fire Winter night The slow circling Of the bar rag Finches flit Through dry stems Winter shadows Waking In absence Late winter A snow goose Cups its wings to land Curb of the shore Spring melt The susurration of water In the tea kettle Dispatched leaves A chaplain flips the pages Of his prayer book Gleaveal potholes A shrike returns To the cholla Rainy night The slam of his car door Brings a sigh A row of dryers Twirling their contents Longer days Churchgoers Ice floes drift together At the River's mouth Spring An airborne squirrel Openpawed Mother's bruises Turning purple Holy Saturday The long eyelashes Of the Easter pig Nightfall First warm day The training wheels Come off Coat hanger, rust On his church shirt Winter comes early Veterans Day It whips the way Wet flags do A rose hip Bright in the snow Pearl Harbor Day Christmas Eve Searching for the beginning Of the Scotch tape The reddeer herd Packed tightly together Winter sunlight Cut from driftwood A cross stands On the headland The church fills With smells of overcoats Morning, mist Her small hand in mine We scrape a rising tone From the metal bowl A misty halo Around the streetlight Smoking hoodies Morning quiet A thin skin holding The yolk intact Twistweed Kids on bikes In hot pursuit Neap, tide Gulls grubble for clams In the mudflats Spended shotgun shells Our legs find the rhythm Of the tracks Shades of Autumn The Gleaners come In ratgrey coats Wave after wave The godwits leave For Siberia Sunstreams The donkey's neck stretches In August, Barley Far away, thunder The polished rocks In the river Spirits On the painters brush Autumn Woods Sand covers The salmon bones Autumn begins Zhnes on its catch The rasp of an otter's breath Autumn, dusk Deserted trail My heart skips a beat Over a turtle Inside pitch Learning to pronounce New names Morning prayers Her hopi flutes stacked In the sunflower can Hospital window A fingerprint against The summer sky Long summer Another dog Snarls at me Lilyofthevalley The effortless dance Of butterflies Spanish guitar Leaf shadows flicker On the empty floor On vacation The sound of the inn Resolving Exam table My feet sway To an old song Hole in the footbridge I spit Straight in my face Rusty Gate The beaten track Of its swing Nearly spring A new facade For the bridal shop Daffodils In first grade, I played the one In Jesus Garden Small town garage Miss December Nineteen, ninety Navy housing She plants her garden In pots Two steers Rub their heads together Morning chill Sleety rain The flowered umbrellas Sold out Spring greening A teat for each piglet But one Hometown visit An urge to go full tilt Across the speed bumps Spring, dusk A camellia follows The curve of the moon A bare bulb Burning in the barn Winter fields Winter grasses A break in our Interconnectedness "Roading light flickers" I inch towards The dead mouse Idling bus The driver blows In cupped hands Long talk The sunny side of the street Has switched Cold Ocean Moon shards leap From waves to rocks Bedside watch A barn owl shrieks In the snowy spruce Winter morning I shovel the drive twice Waiting for the hearse Deep inside The city's sound Winter crows Snow Moon Two porch chairs Faced each other Regrets I've had a few Too much apple On the peel Colors change Telling jokes In a foreign tongue December sunset The red inside The mare's thin coat Withering wind A hurt with a name I can't pronounce Christmas dinner The Fifth burner Finally, ignites A moonlit pumpkin field In the rearview She fixes her makeup All souls day Zombies return To the costume shop What's left of my faith? Light from one star In a blue,black sky Firelight The hiss and crackle Of an old LP December rain The scooter bumps Room to room New coolness More neighbors know My dog's name School desk One name carved Deeper than the rest Moonlit shadows His hands find My dark places No voice But for the stones Autumn Brook Hazy Moon! Dad's walking stick Knocking in the trunk? Smalltalk A flock of starlings Solves on the fence Her due date The apple at the tip Tights the limb Corn, husk dolls She hardly remembers The old place Central Park After a jogger The Pigeons Group Autumn leaves The river picks up It's pace Morning yoga The curve of a lizard On the wall Thunderclouds The soft boom Of a bittern Strewn, Mimosa A carnival creature Snaps at the crowd Ripened corn I write the last line To my thesis A cockroach On the welcome mat Motel dusk Anywhere, sun Finds the creek Water striders Six o'clock news I magnify the world Of a praying mantis Lunch hour A whisper of pigeon wings Enters the conversation Wasteland? The dandelion head Easied of seeds Last night of summer The old cat and I Go out with the stars Traces of light The way back To the stars A bit drunk The sea Softly crashing A perfect circle Drawn in the sand My hand trembles Creed Moon Bare arms, brush Evening Primrose Mallard's drift In the pickerelweed Lazy afternoon Creek crossing Her hand in mine One rock at a time She calls To tell us she has news Dandelion breeze Red chili pepper I compare her calendar With mine letting the day take me A sea otter Floats on its back Low tide The metal detector Misse's Sunset Campfire Sparks Someone outside the circle Starts another song Unfazed By my problems The moon Horsetail clouds A biker shrinks In the open miles New Year's Day Waiting! For the wishbone to dry Snowflakes No two winters Quite the same The time it takes To thaw the breast milk Winter night Winter seclusion yeast froth rises In candlelight In the quiet Of a love scene Our cat purrs Decrystalizing The jar of honey January sunrise A howl Crossing the ice The moon Late in the day The hiss of water Boaling over Winter thaw The spilled seed, cool To the touch Gull's cry In a gunmetal sky The still water Circulating her grave A bitter wind Shifts the family The hedgehog Yet to Hibernate Rainmatted leaves Under her coat My shirt First snowflakes Almost winter The blind man's dog Looks at me Lamplit breath Floats along the shore Ghost stories Pecans falling We wait for our grandson To visit Church bell The smell Of snow The headstone's tilt At different angles Dustings of snow Flickering lights He notices my handwriting On the presents from Santa Harvest Moon Over an empty wheat field Gettysburg Just can't help it Correct the grammar Of the blues singer Full moon He asks if I'm ready To sing Dusky, nettlebed The stream just deep enough For ducks to dabble in Falling oak leaf Dance, Macabre Of its shadows Big city morning Shadows hiding My shadow Autumn clouds A Carly Simon poster Fades into Barnwood Honking Geese The jumble of pumpkins At a roadside stand Yellow leaves in the current A mink After a mink No way out Deaths at the door Demanding candy? Backstroke Her navel ring glints In the moonlight Second week Away from home Wild blackberries 'Like at dusk Iceblocks, resettle In my glass Old letters Flortsam on a river To the ocean City dweller The sound of the interstate I call the ocean Rain of stars The eyes of wishmakers Sparkle with hope Light shimmers On the undersides of leaves Smell of clay Shooting star Those things We tell no one Just inside The garden gate The first bench Old Orchard Beach Before I could think it Cassiopeia Rush hour, Hague The traffic warden swats away A cherry petal Clapboard house In the just plowed field Sundown First light The softsleep breath Of my newborn child gnats, gnats, gnats My bobber Disappealing Ladybug outbreak The wish I make Again and again Childhood home I dig out the roots Of a tree I planted A tributary Muddies, the main stream Middle of spring The unfading Sun in your face Amaranth Tipping rain The bull trudges Between tussocks Cormorants dive Waiting! Until my eyes hurt Snow Moon Brought Wrongwood Still on her tongue All I wanted To tell her Bare winter trees Pisces rising The big one Runs with my line My cold hands A scrabble of bird claws On the guttering Coffee perking A ray of sunshine streams In the rain Wintering Their different ways Birch and pine Honeydipped figs The argument I Huddled pigeons A taxi waits In winter rain Wild weather Something of it Refreshing in me Vernal, Equinox The tender shoots Of weeds Early chatter In the woodshed A cache of cones Jade Tea Cup The fallen leaves Of the poinsettia Snowcovered hills My sister and I coast In the new year Winter Moon Across the wall My long shadow City Zoo A wolf looks up At snow End of yuletide I harvest all the balls From the Christmas tree Dusk I'm just another glow Amid traffic Winter night I pick the last grain Of rice from the plate Expanding universe The homeless man looks For a place to sleep A train trip To Mongolia Winter stars Full moon chill In the green tomatoes A change of plans North Wind And the swirl of leaves This fire within The apples left In a leafless tree, a prayer For your lymph nodes First snow Still knitting? The second mitten Northern lights The feel of a planet Under my feet Missing the directions? On the GPS Indian summer Autumn afternoon Mother touches My thinning hair Veterans Day First red flower On the cactus Hosing the garden Off the carrots Thanksgiving A crow at dusk Ink sinks deeper In the page Toddler's first One small step Toward the moon in the window Autumn Moonlight A migrant worker sings His way home Smoke drifts From a fajita stand Plaza, autumn The right shoes In the wrong size October Moon Smell of balsam Forms of geese Held in the mist Sheen of apples In a migrant child's lap Her own dirty feet My mother braiding my hair I realize now How young she was? Walking alone My face Disassembles Rushing home As though you were still there Autumn, dusk Autumn leaves The songs we learn As children The Desert Stars I almost believe His forever A neighbors dog howls With the sirens Night heat The oceans roar On the forest hike My secondwind Dry thunder One yellow leaf trickles From all of the green Fucking seed pods The evening air heavy With party chatter Death Valley A man who's never been there Tells me all about it As great As the grizzly The fear Sand fishing The long shadow Attached to his heels Your cologne Liggers on my skin Day Moon Summer's end We topple a pyramid Of beer cans Coke cherries Press of my skeleton Through the flesh Thudding surf Her permission To be blunt Sequoia National Park I promise my grandkids They'll grow tall Lifeless Bumblebee The ground around it Darkens with raindrops Haston It tastes a little Of wild onion Anniversary An old dress on the line Fills with wind Gibbou's moon My son tells his part Of the story Nursing blisters At the halfway mark Soft, mossy rocks Cloudburst The sound of raindrops Changing size Summer night My cat speaks to it Through a screen Pulling The push door Vernal, Equinox The road disappearing In wetlands of mist I keep going The scent of turned earth Across seeded fields Twilight Hawthorn breeze The white Bob Of a rabbit's tail Spring wind Our dog barks Where I'm hiding? Wildflowers I cannot name Most of me Twin Lambs The ewe keeps watch Over the one, not moving Her note In my pocket Cherry buds The best conversations Are in my head? Rain on the windowpane May rain I stretch my body Over the whole bed Fishing Village A rumor of blues running Through the caf Summer wind We ask a younger couple Where we are Winter sun I look for something useful To do with my hands Iconic cobblestones The Tinsmith Stokes the forge Tangled In blades of grass Spring breeze I ask him again The honeybee burrows In thistle Home game Our wind In their flag Ledd On Larksong His coffin Orange Nasturtiums The stir of life In my womb Gooseflesh In the cold grass Crickets Her death bed The clacketyclackclack Of my homebound train He tells me the word I'm looking for Total eclipse Late autumn A doll that lost It's Sawdust Glearing candle A whole life lived without The Northern Lights Falling leaves The knot that makes Two lines, one Wetting fingers To pick up crumbs Insomnia A carpet of leaves I try to remember Her first smile Fallow Field The frosted shadow Of a scarecrow Christmas Eve Candles flicker through Our wine glasses Summer's end The familiar scent Of the old Salt Cedar A Hummingbird Follows the falling leaf My friends untimely death Paper lanterns A white eggplant glows Undercover withered leaves Simmering rice grains In the pot Patter of rain The cricket Sticked in a minor key Milky way Morning glory Still some openings I haven't seen 911 Moment of silence The clicks Of a thousand cameras The only cafe Surrounded by trucks Harvest Moon Salt Marsh The runnels deepen Through cordgrass From one skyscraper To the next Emerging Moon cicadas buzz As we walk from the church White dresses Lightning strike The majestic poplars Creamy heartwood Aheads of roses What once was our secret? Now, just mine Mountain top The photograph of the view Before the view The big empty Half grass Half sky Trail dust All those years, Mother hiked Behind us Heat lightning A skunk's scent Wets the night air Late summer Waking to the vacant O Of the wren's house Faded roses Some of the words I can't take back Summer twilight The red ball runs The final wicket [Pedal Boat] I overtake A duck Rainbow His sketch stippled With droplets 3:30 am A single layer Of birdsong Temperatures flare The Xmark on the back Of a stinkbug Venus and Jupiter The barechested fireeater Taunts his crowd An arc of ibis Above the harbor Blue Sky Day Summer dusk A little milk Left in his glass Squad car At the neighbors again Distinct thunder Every word Breaking something? Haston's "Dream Road" A Buddha sticker On the stop sign In the tide mark A child's blue jacket Gull's cry Low tide Waiting for grandchildren To happen Azalea Bonsai The flower girl clutches Her first bouquet Honeysuckle The Hummingbird Presses in deeper Early summer Boys throw father's lures In Moonlight Sea anemone The baby's firm grip On my finger First birthday She reaches For the flame Summer rain The red earth Reddens Sheet lightning A grey cat flickers Through the grass Threeday, beard A large rock Divides the river Fow, blurring the hills To pass the time We reminisce High autumn sky I return a greeting From the dog Dusting over Dad's bowl of wheat pennies Late autumn light Winter wind ' We talk Most of the rose petals On the table The barnacled flukes Of migrating whales Mountains lost in haze Far below Migrating Geese Follow the river Parting year Someone has died in the house With the shoveled walk All that sound From a single sparrow Winter morning Morning rain Secondhand smoke In an apology Morning fog On the coastal route Wild mustard Dragonfly pair Female so clear Through his wings Dusk With nowhere to turn sunflower midnight bus The door swings open To Moonlight Single track Coal cars Beat out a tune Shrinking shade A praying mantis rocks In the warm breeze Smell of sedge Coots settling In the reeds Late moon, Halo Fish scales reflecting On my father's blade The Hout's tail matches The turn signals beat Almost home Whistling to myself? The changing rhythms Of Marsh grass Ancient fir scar A banana slug pulls one eye Inward BlackBerry stains On the white sidewalk His urgent kiss Late summer talk The oil lamp smoke Going in circles Sunset The fishing boats closer To each other Cracked boulder An acorn Solves in Shelling almonds Bits and pieces of Childhood On the hammock Whilst back to its branch A butterfly End of summer The sting of a thorn Through my garden glove Essays to Grade A car stirs dust On the gravel road Cattail seed [Floatingthe Places] I would go [Wrinking bitumen] The beetle and I Reduced to a crawl Smell of grass A drop of sweat sizzles On the mower The smile In his voice Starshine Listening to the sound? From the deep well Stone on stone Poplar seeds All my dreams Coming true Long afternoon Here and there A butterfly's shadow Deodorant scent Tonight, love I am a spring wind Thistledown Drifting toward its shadow My friends last day Roots down deep Mud paddies, bake In the midday sun Summer dusk Watering the garden Then my feet Mountain Retreat A layer of dust On all the canned goods GreenBlack Sheen Of a rooster's tail feathers My neighbor's new car Closing light The whistles of Simpsons In the fringes of the wood Dead end street Bougainvillea overflows The chain link fence Broken screen The house finch Looks in At the entrance To the whistlepigs burrow Mountain Bluebells When you think? You've heard it all Brown, thrasher We both squeeze Through the kissing gate Thunderclap Desert wind A wire fence stretches To nowhere Dry spell The dust of sparrows Blocked by the wind An empty shot glass On the windowsill Evening snow Heavy going Through the waterlogged field Claypigeon shards A rainy slope Where legions fell? Thistles Wild mint In the spring forest A chance encounter Rocky Shore The trout on my line Pulls you closer Cabin fever Bullrushes bursting In the vase Shredred checks The Robin weaves my life In its nest Warm breeze New ivy leaves finding Their place in the sun Spring Moon From the street girl's hand A shadow rabbit Crabapple blossom The older twin always One step behind Temperature drop The way stars are A witness Swollen moon The sudden urge To push The fire's scent Linging! Morning Moon Cold snap Waking to the creak? Of house timbers Clatter of pipes When I turn the tap off Snowy night A Hawks cry I listen To the gathering dark How strange this human body? Not Queen Ann's Lace Not thistle Frigid morning The brittle echo Of a crow Winter evening My boy calls To say he's feeling better An ancient wick Casts shadows on the wall Mother's soft humming Milky way Maybe tonight I'll conceive Twinkling stars Again, we pass the house Well, never buy Wretched knee Trying not to speak Above the wind The geyser erupts For a moment I forget The smell of sulfur Conversation Above the kitchen, clatter Summer evening Stepping stones A dragonfly lands On my shoe Zinnias Why yes, my favorite? Was Harpo? The dog and I On the moonlit dock Scratching bug bites August evening Grandfather Whittles The light away This sky Too blue to last Chicago Vertical dive The ocean folds over A tern A stream begins In the middle of the trail Thrush beyond Thrush Daylong downpour Dressing the children For the exwife's wedding The longest day He still's the mower At twilight (Raspended sand) Each trough cradles The glint of shells Midsummer day Tilting a longneck All the way up Morning sun The honeybee's abdomen Pulses Haggling over price The frozen jaw Of a warehouse tuna Midsummer sea Silver ripples From an otters back Beachside CAF A bit of sand In the waiters ear Thunder A looping inchworms [Rhythmic slide] Every spring The same question Returning bees Sunrise A shoot half out Of its seed skin Splend scent of lilacs I wonder what he means By Paper cranes The yellow birch unpleats It's leaves Beachcombing A wave picks up and drops The sun's reflection Lantern Light The river slips Through our fence First buds The oriole sings It's love song From the secret place The mother dog With her litter Sundappled sidewalk Shadows of new leaves play On stains of the old Moonless night Foxfire where there was A forest road In blinding snow Sweet silage smell From a door left open Winter morning The flagdraped coffins Of a few Winter sun The last photographs In Mother's Album All day rain A whistle of wind Breaks the rhythm The ewe Nudges her lamb once more Ravens cawing More snow The nag of an itch I can't reach Thin clouds The ladle steams Above my bowl Rainlashed Valley The Rams wool matted Over his bones Bevy of sparrows A creek breaks It's winter banks A brown leaf Dangles among the buds The ambulance arrives The darkness Of longempty stables Quaker meetinghouse Threequarter moon The windmill rusted In silence Sunset and Moonrise If only I could learn To be faithful October, frost The tread of the landlord On crisp brown leaves Grandmother The stoop In her shadow Soldiers coming home Three wasps circle where The nest used to hang Click,Claire Of the bead curtain The sway of her hips A sioux tunic Brought with elk teeth Behind smudged glass Thin marsh ice My father attempts An embrace A sparkler, fizzles In darkness Year's end Ripening wheat He whistles The latest love song I don't know What to tell her? Brought mint Dog days Pulling off? [cockleburs] Summers Eve I turn the glider cushion To its clean side Late summer Crossing the memory Of a stream Beach, Cabanas Flapping in the breeze The sound of idle chatter Handshake Not a kiss Starless night Summer evening A cook in the alley points His knife at the moon Muggy evening A door slams shut In the dead man's house Sunset I absorb the stillness In the trees Stars begin to fade So much music From unseen birds Slow train journey A gull's shadow Takes the lead Wretched out day Rocks the river left On top Midsummer A speedboat slices The lake in half Scooching heat The shrilling of cicadas Pierces me Nameless falls A water ouzel At Rainbow's End Dead man's curve A screech owl veers Toward the river After each Turn of the page The fly Thunderclap The sun tea Darkens Secret campsite Refrigerated beer clinks In midstream First night out On their own My seedlings Spring breeze A mosquito in the sap Of a beaver stump Day after Memorial Day A rolling trashcan filled With flags Field stones The broadness Of the farmer's back Fraternity truce Beet seedlings In a crooked row Milkmoon My daughter, nurses Her plastic doll Spring hail The horse rolls its tongue Over the fencepost Market stroll Rotating a coin? In my pocket Summer solstice The long shadow cast By a plastic trex Swimmers At the middle of the lake Graduation night Hundreds of gulls Feeding their chicks He points at the dead one First warm day The woodpecker works A shiny stump Dark hallway An explosion Of cut, Lilac Wooted gloves A colourful bunch Of empty flower pots Next to the tracks An old bottle Catching Dawn? Years later Mist still gathers In the same hollow A tap On the shoulder A raindrop Town cannon A finch with twigs, vanishes Down the muzzle Night rain The bedroom fills With memories We let Our secrets out Enough nest Kneading dough A cold wind gathers Yellow leaves First, frost The birds that stay The birds that go Mother's keepsakes The questions I never asked Quilting Circle We rearrange pieces Of our lives Fishbowl Telling a child About death A handful of kindling In the fireplace Moving day Deep woods An old stone wall Urgered in leaves Making resolutions Puddles of fallen needles Under the pine House sitting The warmth Of my friend's cat Winter evening My boys Thin shoulders On a field Of ripe tomatoes The empty wooden crates Every place taken On the finch feeder September Rain Split milkweed pods Getting to know him At his memorial A leaf Its descent stopped By a child Wembley Stadium A blackbird sings To empty seats Labor Day Scraping mold off Government cheese Breath in! Breath out! Autumn Moon Autumn, dusk A fine layer of mist Over the cricket pitch First mouthful Of a warm cider doughnut Scarlet Hillsides Moon at the window I cut another eye From the potato Cabbage's starting To touch each other Latesummer heat Oars in Unison Slicing the river Slicing the moon Dimly lit porch The newspaper boy No longer a boy The storm's rain Rising as mist Wings of a barn owl A curlew Holds its second note Shadows lengthening Small town Hospital Sound of the typewriter Night time Moths queuing At the cash machine Late summer flowers The joy Of a good sneeze settlers cemetery An old yew creaks At noon Gleam of mudflats A snail retreats In its shell Honeysuckle Where you first hear? The river Rooking wind My little thoughts For tomorrow Ocean breeze A pitcher and his interpreter Walk to the bullpen Birdsong The neighbors light on At 3 am Sunrise The new calf fumbles At an udder Morning commute Sprinklers soaking The strawberry fields Dexterous fog The train evaporates In a distant horn First, swallow The calm of dawn Slips away Low sun A wren's song Spirale's Coats dripping rain We discuss Our addictions New Year's Dawn The dog waits beside His empty bowl Deep winter The thin bones Of her wrist Bone chilling Not enough night For all the stars Cool, march breeze Between faded tea towels Her frayed pink bra Nascent spring This warm loaf Of tengrain bread White walls White pills Another day Winter night The sound of mothers Sewing machine Winter evening A young woman smiles From the hair dye box First spring day Even out of doors I want to go out Daffodil shoots Undercover a bandage The cut begins to itch Unemployment line The autumn wind Fills with leaves Solitude Smoke from the incense [ thickens] A sunbeam Father's ashes The sea spray [Chucks my face] Christmas drizzle My children come home On different days Storm warning The inflatable snowman Lying low Lights from cities A passenger's shoulder Touches mine Bedside, Vigil Moonlight comes And goes Cusp of winter Passing into The Mountain's Shadow Minute of silence A single fir needle On the hardwood floor Winter fog The minute hand Sticked in place [craggy overlook] A tail swinging In the Hawks beak Dry patches On the schoolhouse lawn Remediate math Broken pavement She shows me The BlackBerry Patch One turtle's foot On another's back Labor Day Magpie season The schoolgirl's lunchbox On her head Dubious blade The way it opens up A peach After the funeral I rotate the chessboard With each move Moving day The children stick postage stamps On the bare kitchen floor Harvest Moon A soup chicken thaws In the sink Fog lifting My cat finishes A sparrow Fine China A dusting of pollen Over my tea Kite string Between Father And son House hunt Our dog inspects All corners Moving van The smell of fresh bread From a neighbor's kitchen Too late to take it back The purple spines Of the sea urchin Cell phone ringtone Again in the mix [Mockingbird] No one calls She gently dusts Her porcelain rabbits Early dawn The warmth of our son Between us The long day A bug Cleans its antennae Summer night Secrets escape through Open windows First day of spring Children risk marbles On the playground Chord time The boy ties his kite To the scarecrow Palm Sunday The birdwatcher Tiptoes out of church Prairie grass A mustang runs With the wind Memorial Day His name her reflection In black granite Easter eggs The multicolored faces Of the children Late for church From an open barn door The lowing of cows Blueeyed grass She asks If I love her In his woodshop My father is lost In the grain pattern New home Orienting myself To the sun Valentine's Day His dog drops driftwood At my feet Breaking the ice I tell the cattle It is almost spring Last day's of winter A jumble of tarnished silver On the sideboard Older suburb Tied through With wild plum blossom As I reflect On growing old Daffodils Winter twigs The buds forming At the scars Seed catalogs Garden plans grow around A toad house Open crocuses Wind lifts the feathers On a starling's throat Her third birthday [tulips bend] Under a light snow Waking up? Not alone Cherry blossoms Farmers market On the mangoes in the straw A strand of tinsel Pinging sleet She tugs tight Each stitch The bootprints end The brook keeps flowing In the deep woods Dark so soon A stand of pines With snowbroken limbs Warm from the dryer Summer clothes For the suitcase Christmas concert Mary keeps the beat On the baby Jesus Mouse sounds A chunk missing From the moon Town dump A bear just sits there In the falling snow Biting wind Our words fly Over each other's heads If purple We're my color Twilight snow First love The sterile flower Of Queen Anne's Lace Slow, slow, dusk Cicadas flood the pause Between apologies Caught In the revolving door Sunset Ocean, dusk A tattler hauls a morsel From the shallows First cold night The plumber swears In Polish Windy afternoon Two beetles manage to mate On the goldenrod Farm auction The green side Of a tomato The off season Leaves cover The Nude Beach A leaf In no hurry Indian summer Days shortening His childhood sketches Of dinosaurs Leaning trees Almost touch across the creek A doves flight display Sultry night The rhythm of oars Stroking the lake Clipping tags From luggage Summer's end Rolling in With the morning fog Seabird on a wave Mist into rain The drone of a small plane Blends with our chanting Headwaters The dippers shadow Follows its call Out of names We sit silent in the dark Among the stars Autumn, dusk The gates of the lock Close behind us Point: Reyes, lighthouse How the deep note travels? On the water School bell noticing her For the first time Chess in the park An acorn Topples a king Sandcastles New friends work on Old problems The child Blowing on a pinwheel The wind blowing on her Cracked soil A day laborer bent Over his shadow Distinct thunder A revolutionary cannon Green with age Summer night A smoker's cough and the clack Of mahjong tiles Sitting on the hill Of mom's pregnant belly The Lego Castle My kinfolk Don't say a lot Hemlock's all around Wildfire Vultures circling The outer thermal Blue Violets The coolness of evening Acknowledging the mountain As it stretches Back to Preen the sinews Of a swan's neck Ants working late In the afternoon sun A drifting contrail The milky way A glowworm reaches The tip of a rose Sultry afternoon Wingtip laces Work loose Deep in summer The river over and under My hair On the Sergeant's grave A wild jackrabbit nibbling grass Cabbage, Butterfly Floating in the breeze WASHING Day Big sky The sharp edge Of the spur Sunlit trampoline My grandsons bare Their chests Lightning The blue afterimage Of your white hands First light The beachcomber begins his rounds Graduation Day We hold hands more tightly As our son's name is called My baby's sigh The last colors Of sunset Negotiations The butterfly's wings Open and close What should have been said? How the sand pulls? From under my feet Temple grounds One finch Feeds another White butterflies Lost in the barley Lost in the wheat Long day The Lizard's hind leg Stretched too far Race weekend The worn paths To the restrooms Smell of rain All the ways We failed each other Palm Sunday The sound of a frond Ripping Bearing down On a borrowed pen Do not resuscitate A slight shake of bells As the harness comes off Night snow Moonless night Children's muffled voices From the snow fort Winter sky A skein of wild birds Acerbates Blinding ice My saw releases The scent of pine Spring cleaning I never cared for the scent Of her letters His sax echoes In the walkway tunnel Warm wind A wildness Blowing through the neighborhood With the snow Cold morning A thin cat slips in The closing door The wrong side of town A paw print Collates water Cactus Bloom I decide to forgive Myself Cold spell The man at the ballot box Reading nietzsche Both parents In his room Snowy evening This cold night A child's hunger embedded In pixels Cold winter sky Intertwined branches Of an old Beaver Lodge The reddened snow Six ravens and a coyote Removing the elk Hard frost A dumpster's lid Slams shut The long sigh Of a pregnant girl December Wind Freezed solid Two withered leaves Overland Snowy Field A small creature's tracks Interrupted by wing prints A Russian winter Each book weighs several pounds On the kitchen scale Autumn, dusk I wave to a girl Waving to someone else? First time up this creek The dragonflies Won't keep still? Creed Moon The beaver shreds A lotus leaf Moonlit grass A farmer whistles catfish To the surface Our locked gate Earth stops the falling Leaves Pilfons, tilting In each other Misty rain A place under The willow tree Autumn rain Autumn, mist In the beggar's hand His empty stare Autumn evening Her seventh rejection Of my proposal Early frost A scatter of termites From tonight's log New motorcycle We pass through the scent Of someone's dinner Sunbaked grasslands The color in the wings Of blackbirds midnight The last firecracker Fizzles Romanian village When the dog has passed The rooster crows Autumn rain She lights her cigarette From his Dusty hike A snail also crossing The dry stream So dry The chaparral, partly woven In my socks The ragged bark Of a paper, birch His death day Mother mends her, Shawl With tobacco, twine Curing season Creed Moon The street magician's trick Finally revealed End of winter The flannel sheets Wretched smooth Spring cleaning Our cat curled up In the giveaway box Downpour Two blackbirds bathing In cherry blossoms Bullfrog eyes Half out Dusk moon Carpooling I discover my colleagues Passion for Lilies My teenager Folding paper, Samurai Spring wind Gathering clouds The rusty tractor In a deep rut "Sale bubbles" From a child's wand Spring breeze Long,stay Ward A forged signature On the Mother's Day card Quaker meeting A breeze passing From tree to tree Casting stitches? On a circular needle New Year's Day Below zero Verbalizing My self talk Lullaby lyrics The graceful curve Of a snowfield Deep winter The lemon seeds also Stricted in half Cinderella toast My boys warm From their beds After soup The warmth Of the bowl Iconic rain The clatter of teacups On a wobbly cart Longest winter The potato basket [Elevated] Snow Moon Steam rising Off the milk, Paul Low winter moon Just beyond the reach Of my chopsticks Slightly chill From across the lake Another loon First autumn Without mother The leaves Before, dusk That thin strip of light Under the clouds Falled leaves My old dog Finds his way Thanksgiving Holding a bite Through the prayer Mountain stream Two stone bridges Joined by Mist Last leaves fall The warmth of his voice Deep in his letters Voting Day Crows on a cedar bough Shift their weight First, frost The smell of dust Burning in the ducts Christmas Eve Cracking walnuts for his son And his dad Veranda Railing A magpie stares down The dog Early morning sounds The stench of the cattle truck Before it arrives Setting sun The old man catching fish And letting them go Autumn Wind Unwinding summers Entanglements Forest tree Liecht bypasses An old wound Between fence rails A little boy explains cows To the cows Heat lightning A beggar outside starbucks Shakes his cup at me Summer's last hour A yellowjacket settles In my garden glove Mountain Lake I paddle the moon path To your cabin Leaden Sky This dead finch Weights nothing Sunrise at the pier Calamari, fishermen Bowing to the sea Late afternoon sun Pigeon's land On all the heroes After fireworks The last croaks Of roosting egrets First love We mark our boundaries With river rocks Car ride The child draws A silent story Drifting up In old aspen trees The sound of checkers Changing his angle Changing his song A thrush at dusk Fast moving clouds My grandson finds stones That fit his hands Sunwarmed room The patina from his touch On the hand, drums A year Wired away Dust on luggage At the corner The shadow Splits in two Enoughing my bag The pebble makes me Think of the hill again A faint groove Round my ring finger New moon Spinning The canyon wind California Condor Such stillness I absorb the sound Of creaking bamboo The glitz An ant carries Morning sunshine The sparkle In our conversation Sunshine on her knees His face shaped by the speed Of his bike Morning meditation A moth Works the room Country graveyard Confetti In the grass Waking up? The lightest speckle of rain On the lake Bird song The widening span Of my son's hand Spring morning The art of walking beside Someone much older Mist under the bridge The drifting shapes Of hobos Church graveyard From somewhere close The fragrance of lilies At the centre Of constant ripples A Moore's Nod Early spring The young boy's spinning Till they're dizzy Graveside My breasts Leaping Waxing moon! The sound of a butterfly Emerging Spring rain Her finger shushes My lips Mile high Adding my breath To the clouds What do I know? About the untethered balloon My daughter's embrace His ashes Turning into the current The turtle's ears Early morning Klee sets in the shade Of the old shed Early warmth In the backyard, a flicker Pokes among rocks That dull gleam Through the Haky Park A playhouse window One maple leaf End over end on the sand Without a trace Everywhere this morning Maple keys soaking in The gentle rain Summer Dawn Light around the windows As at grandmothers Hump and screech The long freight pulls out In Robin's song Restless pigeons Gentle words from a clerk Bring a hint of tears Creed Moon Would I look at the clouds? Without it How to tell? Of the myriad rich browns Pinoak leaves Persons and place To view the moon Sake not quite full Santa, too Passed away on this date Wine with my tears Almost dry again The drinking gourd ' Long road The leaves and I Windblown Sunshine The colours Of the hill Temple steps His shoes In the autumn rain Yard Yard Pine What can I do? With all these crows His lanterns glow Pushing back the dark Frog song Ebb tide The heron steps In twilight Daybreak A migratory bird's feather On the path Love A kigo for all Seasons A memorial bell Tolls, tolls and stops But his words Blue Dragonfly Pine needles cover The narrow path The Mountain Pine Holding the light Held by it Bill's day Draw the letters In Aspenglow A little cold And without the bright fish This golden pond Gray, October The poet's voice Outlives him Full moon And so my thoughts Turn to you Vest pocket park The leaves a little Less brilliant At his passing A ripple in the river Of stars Misty shroud Leaves falling Between the rails Sunset fades From the highest peak Autumn chill Higginson's haiku Still among the living The autumn wind A teacher's passing Moonlight bathes The apple tree Another light Now Among the stars A gentle breeze ripples Everywhere, his words Leaves on grass Opening his book The world he offered Tumbles out Beyond emptiness The moon filling itself For certain Autumn evening Adding another star To the milky way Prayer flags The autumn leaves carry The blessings to you Cloudy day The janitor misses A fallen leaf Surf murmurs The basso continuo Behind the dunes This fragility White cranes laced In the air Dry autumn The fading vibrance Of a spider lily Hard to tell you How I feel This late autumn sky Petrified Forest A stone axe echoes In the sky Autumn Gino One by one In m'est Harvest home A red nasturtium Heads for the stars A single breath The ember Comes to life Leaving us in autumn Leaveing behind him? The blossoms to come Ebbing tide A bright shell caught By the current Tree leaves fall As the long journey begins A fading hymn White hydrangea Dying In white light Insect chirps Linging low on the ground The later moon Heavy fog The mountain still back there Out of sight What a silence And nobody's around To share it with Migrating birds I hear his voice in the wind Toward Nirvanna Blue roi A thousand flying foxes Quarter Moon Walking alone The filtered sounds Of the hototogisu Dusk A halfripe, Melon Frees itself from the vine Patter of raindrops In autumn leaves The season's turn His passing The small fir collects Falled leaves Starry night A worn phone number In the handbook Morning frost A monk's chant Crosses the river Stalagmites A passel of school children Up ahead Autumn leaves In the book she gave me An old library stamp Autumn gust The starling's wings Tilt in Unison Withered Juniper Mother's hair Since the nursing home Village Temple Kids behind the gods Playing hide and seek Through endless rain The whistle Of the paperboy The taste of cider When fallen leaves begin To overlap Trusing shoppers The bell ringers Prosthetic hand Winter solstice Smoothing a folded corner In my library book A single bubble After the beaver dives The Rising Moon The gardener And his scarecrow The same hat Crows, swagger Down the middle of the road Summer's end Starting school tomorrow He talks to trees At the Woods Edge Labor Day A spot of barbecue sauce On the face of my watch Summer's end Two flies fighting Over me Old blue car The ease Of summers last days A still starry night Train tracks Wet with Dew Scudding clouds The snake as long As my sleeve "Stupid speech" This black and white butterfly In none of the field guides Thundercloud Blue veins down to the heart Of the gentian Sunburst Bits of river Through the Mangroves A whiff of kelp As I clear out the trunk Summer Moon Spotlighting outlook Each step reveals More grasshoppers Jasmine in bloom termites swarm From their nest Bark butter A nuthatch Works the edges Mountain slopes Getting wet as I walk Through clouds City bus stop The boy squats in the shadow Of his pregnant mother So many ways To see the world Snake in the grass Haloed Moon The Hawker twirls His glow bracelets Summer Dawn The cat brings the rain To bed Summer stars Hot buttered corn On our smiles Summer Brook Perfect skipping stone On the other side Rain on summer sand A child writes The dead pony's name Wet sand The summer wind Set our pace Peach season Friends come to visit Our tree Coffee shop Hearing his name In someone else's conversation Fatherinlaw's death One gardenia petal Falls in the rain Share wire In the lime tree A bird song Rolling sunset The dark side Of a wave Goldfish In the graveyard pond Spring sunshine Family reunion Chachalacas, shake The branches Dusk The last calf Solves into the herd Morning rain A handful of strawberries Just as cool Beach walk I shift a coconut From hand to hand Warming breeze The barber's pile of clippings A little bigger Evening traffic Rubber lizards for sale Still on the pavement First summer rain The bride and groom pause In their dance Tin roof Two doves, settle In a groove Village bells The sunwarmed odor Of cattle Museum dusk Mannequin, soldiers Hold their ground Nestbuilding A magpie sings With its mouth full Softly the quail From their crowded crates Grease the dawn April The shadows Bloom Spring book signing The poet's pen Skips Plum blossoms Vitamins strewn Across my plate Magnolia in full bloom A new tingling In my breasts Angle of repose A hermit, Thrush Fills the valley Songbirds in the dark The sound of my sister's voice When she lies The downpour ends First one, Peep Then another The first bird To break silence Hour of the wolf Icesnow The stab marks Of her pronged cane (Failer Shadows) The storyteller's head Fills the ceiling Moonless night The splinter deep In my finger Deep winter The splinter begins To fester Rain turning to snow A beggar in the subway That no one believes Winter stars We all hunt For his belt Winter Beach The size of gulls Up close Winter sun The iv pouch Buckles Home Village Nowhere to visit But the graveyard Cigardas The double Dutch girls Take five Owing skins In the kitchen sink Leaves raked and piled Warm rain Batman rides On Daddy's shoulders Frost melt The pewit Speaks its name Late November No leaves to break the fall Of heavy rain Apples in the grass An empty swing sways From the branch Falled leaves Around the maple Do I have to go home? Morning chill A child's shadow Moves thru mine That kind of day The wind at my back Most of the time Almost sunset My husband humming a tune Of his own Breakfast alone Except for that cricket Behind the fridge Flailing log Your words carry me Across the river Autumn, Equinox A crow on the wire Reverses its grip The same hilltop But on the other side Of summer tug horn A cloud shadow Puts out to sea Rain on Cedar shakes After long silence An old friend speaks Desert breeze The clay jugs broken By shadow Billowing clouds The mill's overshot wheel Dark with Moss Binding ahead Over mountain roads The full moon Autumn Wave The hiss Of tiny pebbles Arbor gate Turning sideways To avoid the thorns Beach sunrise "Bland crawls" Crab by crab Late summer Echo of a motorcycle Buzzing in the tunnel Butterfly House Our voices Float in whispers Vegetarian daughters Fingers stained Turmeric Heat lightning Through a stuck Screen door Oprahilous heat Tossing ice cubes To the junk yard dog Lovers down the beach Turn out to be driftwood Storm Shelter A girl and her mother play It'sybitsy spider Two caterpillars Crossing paths Summer's end Morning sun Cherry petals drying On a turtle's back Young green poplars Recalling? That kind of intensity Roadside Huddle Of thatched roof huts Earthy rain scent The sweet peas Begin their climb Solstice Wild Roses The farm wife, Shears A gravid, Ewe First warm day Harry's gleam The length of the diner Budding maples An updraft Of goldfinches Manhattan skyline My son is getting married Tonight Whets uprooted The Earth Under my fingernails Mountain View A rush of perfume From the Seniors Tour Bus New Year's Day Our neighbor's boots In the mud room After all The cell phone calls The pine A few heads, nod As a vision is retold The candles flame A winter sun Drawn in yellow crayon The children's ward Split white birch A beavers wake Reaches shore The bent nail Where garlic hung? Winter Moon Winter night My wish Still among the stars Word of a death The clarity Of winter sunlight Mud month A line of Fox tracks Divides the field Morning warmth A boy stretching his step To match dads Hiroshima Day Multicolor threads On the weaving machine More footsteps The broken branch Breaks again One deep breath For a moment, the pine Is part of me? Beginning of summer The heart of the watermelon Saved for last Oprahilous heat A road crew rakes hay Over grass seeds Dry thunder The sound of sparrows In sunflowers Church picnic "Grass butterflies stirred up" By my skirt, hem Ebb tide The curve of the beach Brighter Spring afternoon The schoolchildren return To the dead squirrel Evensong An upturned snail shell Brimming with rain Cardinal pair The girl I never asked To the high school dance A spider comes out To bundle it's catch Evening rain Spring sun Her urn gathers The whole family A drifting cloud The line of frog eggs Twitches Fado, love song Dust bunnies swirl Ahead of the broom First of spring The mail carriers Knives Mother's Day One set of footprints Along the beach Hands On the balcony rails Summer morning Afternoon stillness A dragonfly touching Circles in the pond Stomaching An iron pill Autumn, melancholy Log fire! The landlords Reindeer nose Passing headlights Snow gathers on The horse's back Crocuses bloom The old woman on the bench Swings her feet The Bonfire embers Smoulder on to sundown Honking Geese The empty barrel Still smells of apples November snow Evening snowstorm A tinful Of unsharpened pencils Two crows In a headwind Skittering leaves Old dog gets up Just to lie back down End of winter Billowing clouds Trailing the tractor [Windrows of hay] [ Chatter] In the outfield Katydids Evening shadows A crow This side of the haze New girl at school Maple pods Twirling endlessly The river of heaven My body Drifts away A gang of men Followed by others The ripe grain August night The crack of the bat Sends a chill Moonlight On my hands The smell of parsnips Starlit sky A touch of dampness On the scarecrow Autumn in the park A soprano saxophone Merges with the night Tire marks On the neighborhood street Evening heat Hot summer day The shape of a bicycle That's been run over One tree Downhill from the others The limit of shadows Watermelon Moon She pedals slower Closer to home Drivethru exit A onelegged gull waits To take my order Heat wave A crow follows The train tracks Midsummer heat Prayer flags fade On temple trees Summer waters The slack In each line Linging twilight A water dragon's tail Dangles in the pool midnight Another ping from The empty pop can Bayside picnic Trying to favour The onelegged gull Family reunion Memories of the way It never was Old friends A rustle of pea pods "Against the fence Beach Festival A child pats the damp In her castle wall From the lookout Mountain after mountain Ant on the gravel path Heat storm The weight of his hand Almost touching mine The secluded creek Of our childhood Still deep in places Summer ice The shopkeeper Bangs his scoop A flipflop In the middle of the street The heat Starless night I crush the emptiness From a soda can The wide blue sky Following behind An orange tractor Purple almond tree Today, I'll not forget Where I parked the car? All the answers In the back of the book Summer solstice Morning clouds The Swan Waddles Over a shallow part Outdoor market Caged parakeets hang With the chickens Girl in a meadow The random flight Of a swallowtail Last day of school Lessons clapped From the erasers Maple trees On the verge of summer Wanderlust My garden gloves Streited with dirt Meeting a monarch Hut in the woods Small teeth, marks On the toilet soap The sigh I heave Forsythia Visiting artists? All over town Cherry blossoms Spring morning Women at a village well Tease the new bride Stable drizzle Stroke by strand A Robin's nest A female mallard Leads two drakes Spring morning Once again The scent of lilacs Mothers call to supper Downpour Puddles swirled With Pollen Spring breeze The cat bats a few Feathers around Mortgage paid off Thatch from our yard In the robins beak Sunlit dew The cock pheasant circles His threestrong harem Early dusk An inch of snow On a half inch branch A dancer All her life Winter Moon Bare branches A swishing broom Finds its rhythm [Darned by dinosaur skeletons] A teen With all the answers Science fair My Amyllis bigger Than his Storm over Her headstone Above the snow Church bells and snow I read that, Chekhov Belonged to be a monk Winter drizzle A sprinkling of sea salt On warm pretzels The crows Louder than usual Deep morning, mist I'd almost forgotten it A seeds hunger For the sun Halloween She asks to borrow My hippie jeans Timber train A thought about Auschwitz Behind our backs The sounds the ocean Covers up Evening news She files her nails Down to nothing The sound she makes When she catches her breath First snow Babar A forgetmenot Between wrinkled pages An eagle sighting The frailty In my father's hug Slow driver Is he watching? The Hawk Dust clearing The miners lamp beam catches On a splintered timber Open range Leather creaks In the cold dawn Equinox Splitting the last tomato With a jackknife High autumn days The morning glories open To whatever comes A couple kissing Not even moonlight Between them The drift Of a nearby conversation Autumn leaves Full moon Her updated version Of the future Dawn, frost A screech owl finishes The hunt One corner, then the other Of my book Blacktip, dragonfly Edge of the reeds A rattlesnake pair [ tails whispering] New love The ripples of a braid Undone Memories The smell of matches Fills the kitchen Distinct peak A tumbleweed overtakes The shadow of a cloud We pick The last blackberries Her freshly blonde hair Book chosen Another title tips In the empty space Waking up all night This room is too close To the moon Listening For the cat door Autumn Night Lakeside Drive One more time around The radio dial Culdesac The knifegrinder rings in Summer's end Almost dark A fountain Lifts the rain Silence between us The sound Of a candle Windcarved sand I crumble a bayberry leaf To bring her back The falling snow Turning the snowman Back into snow 4th of July Congealed ketchup Around the cap The easy stride Of seersucker Father's Day Where night? Pulls away White Irises Humming oldies Talk of the future From the back seat Thing a coat Over my shoulder Cloudless sky Distinct thunder She draws teardrops On her doll's face Enough sunrise A small window In an old hotel Warm winds The kites string Almost straight Southern breeze A goldfinch drinks From the air conditioner Nearly twilight The blowsy petals Of spent tulips Jasmine First, the perfume Then the buzz Redtailed Hawk Sundance warms a thicket Of mesquite Spring noon The construction crane Lifts a crow Sparrow fledglings The old man points His walking stick Spring sun An unfinished word On the todo list Tidal, surge The shag's wings open For the wind to dry A second plowing The black mud Lit up by egrets Missing steeple Crows, settle In a hemlock tree The horned moon A grub in one hand A seed in the other Frozen morning A pansy's blue face In the leaf litter Spring The pause before She pulls a sapling The sidewalk ends At a high stone wall Dandelions Tea house A small leaf Blacken's a tooth Apples in bud A white lie About her complexion heirloom seeds A young woman kneels In the garden First warm day She asks me if I still Want a divorce? My downed kite Following its string To a stranger's door The cool kids Walk armin'arm Wild Narcissus Awash with fog The wheelless Wheelbarrow Pacing myself To the trot of the dog An April evening Spring sunshine The friendliness of the girl Who serves me? First warm day The bodybuilder Makes his pecs dance End of winter I place a phone call To another time Redwood, sorrel buds Beyond the missing bridge The vanishing trail Early morning sun Steam rises from stumps Packed in the clearcut Easter Egg Hunt Grandma hints where The purple one lies A long road The spring wind In my lungs Winter sunrise Blinking! Between the boxcars Storage closet The dead spider As fine as it's web Waiting! For the rice to boil Winter Moon Woodburning stove Toiled boots Prop each other up Winter noon A branch drips On its shadow Snowed in Opening the lid Of my breadmaker Last of the sun The letter of apology Half written Winter sunrise The crack In the barn door A clump of soil shaped by his grip Late winter sun Snowmelt A raspberry cane Spring's back Winter Aquarium Maybe I should have stayed In my home town Sun in the pines The awkward cadence Of Father's voice Alone at the beach Cones of bent pines So low to the ground Snow Moon The blue shadow Of a bare birch Ice Storm He traces my scars In the dark Snowbound Collecting rent On boardwalk Dying light My snow shovel's scrape Answers another Deep winter Rooks, call other rooks Through the dusk Sketch pad No color For snow Late night Sounds this house makes Only in the winter Rain turning snow The doctor begins by describing Treatable conditions Geese That stay Winter rain Office windowsill A geranium petal Drops into a file Cold Moon Marrow bones simmer In the pot Hospice hallway His visitors talk about Someone else Funeral The wind Hushes the priest First winter rain I drift into dreams Of my childhood Giving up Her secret ingredient Last round of scrabble Quiet fall of snow The park, Mike's wall Is breached? Still morning Birds on the roof ridge Every which way Wild Geese The Border Guards Lower their weapons Fisher's Memorial Bits of driftwood Roll in the surf Estate sale Her paintbynumber, Christ Half finished Airport Terminal The sparrow's flight From gate to gate Through the storm Knowing The mountain is there Turkey shoot Young boys slip through 'Climps of men Woodsmoke An heirloom photo of someone No one knows A garbage can In the middle of the street Deepening autumn A new light On the dashboard Evening rain Falling into The longest night Fresh snow Starlit sky Cicadas, keening sounds Surround us The cat Right where I left him Haloed Moon Cicada, dusk Trouble in the sound Of my mother's voice Leaves turning She still smiles when she sees me After all these years Barbed wire Sagging under its load Of bare vines New wine Adobe walls In shadow Moon moth Infant fingers, brush The breast The hush After starlings, lift Autumn sun Sweetness Oozing from a fig Indian summer The first bare trees A flock of blackbirds Turns back the clock Half moon A firefly pulsing In my shadow's heart Light rain The red rose Overflows August heat Broken egg shells In the gator's nest Seashells I sort through My childhood Salt water, taffy A long line of cars on the bridge Heading back? Lavender field Stopping my car To let the bee out Sunlit, riffle Overnight, the Osprey clutches A wet, Glen Withering blossoms Clay takes shape On the potter's wheel VJ day An old man with a balloon Tried to his chair End of summer Twistweed, trapped In barbwire Grand Canyon All I know I don't know Vedic chants A heron glides to a rock In the misty lake Hightension wires Hum above the prairie A few drifting clouds The smell Of a crushed beetle Things that don't change Midlife My car radio On scan Morning lotus The pool umbrellas Still closed In the sun Where eyes can't follow A red tailed hawk Dwarf The prayers she knows By heart Farmers market An earwig, Burrows In the pennies Broken clouds He rearranges The squirrel shield Trying to make Myself understood The sun in a spoon A length of rope Knotted with seaweed Pull off the tide Moonlight, swim I sink in my shadow And come up in his A small cave Only children's footprints On the sandy floor Wahened by rain The scent Of bruised mint Ulysses, butterfly The satisfaction Of knowing its name Amusement park [odors melding ] With the sea Vacation, who'dunit? The perforated shadow Of my straw hat Wave after wave No one I knew As a child remains Still No answer The stars Slicing apples In the dented pan Howl of the wind? On the roof With a row of mops soaking up the sun Thoughts of youth The furthest peak Through my slingshot Hungry of autumn A blackbird almost To two octaves Frozen rain A vendor takes the lid off His makeshift oven Winter solstice Steam from the squash Released from its skin Paying the last bill On the kitchen table Winter solstice Christmas Eve An old cement foundation All that's left Thanksgiving Looking at photographs Of the great depression The sound of Geese Resting on the water Evening snow Bulge of my feet At the bottom of the quilt The long night A light flurry Carol Singers On fast forward Snowed in Fire wraps Around a log October light I open my ribs To pray Migrating birds My father sends the next son On his way Autumn Night A stranger paints her lips Billowing skirts By a soldier's grave Autumn deepens Carillon Bells A wedge of cranes Flying south Amber light The time it takes A leaf to fall Autumn Deepens The corn maze open All Saints Day Under the sheets Remembrance Day Traffic sounds crisscross The bagpipes That grassy knoll Pigeons explode In flight Fall equinox Stapling the handmedowns In equal piles I skirt around A stone cutter's rhythm Autumn Sunset Almost evening The paper vendor sleeps On old news Hometown visit I fill my pocket With acorns Playground swings A strong wind replaces The children Field mice Forage the corn bin Harvest Moon Bottoms up That amber glow Of autumn sun Dark September Day Stillborn given a name For the funeral No, cicadas No double dutch Park bench peeling A rusty still By the dry creek bed Blood moon rising My bare feet Among heron tracks Ebb tide A smear of stars From Horizon to Horizon The loon's necklace Summer house The key sticks When leaving Nameless longings A floating seed Eludes my hand Valet playground The shadow of the swing Wanders off Thin moon A harrier hawk Working the field End of summer The sheep, the color Of parched grass First, cool night I dream of knitting Firefly sweaters Tabby Harvest Women in Lamplight Tide the quilt Rural school The shy smiles of children Waiting for the bus Cottonwoods Over a slow stream The heat His 44th Water that doesn't run back In the ocean More war dead An uprooted tree Rides the storm tide Gray afternoon A ladybug escapes The storm window Vivialdi Olive leaves, ripple Silver Summer sky My father counts the black faces On my road Venus rising A coyote trap Snaps shut In the season Of wandering dragonflies My urge to roam Storm clouds Hearing the pauses In the Katydid's song Night of fireflies Fishing lights Off the island Reaching Where the hose won't? Summer rain Slow night The flycatcher sizzles Over the door A squeeze of the hand And we stand among them Croaking toads The August Hayfield Raked into windrows A dipper of water Drawing a heart The wet sand Between my fingers Sultry evening The pizza receipt clings To a beer bottle Moonlit Pond He lifts his child above The threat of frogs Adobe Wall A row of pots Fill with light Summer grasses A golden fuzz On the blowfly's belly Fireflies The dreams I had As a child Memorial Day The mockingbird Taking the short way The toes of her shoes Damped with dew Wind surfing Gulls, hover Over the wipeouts As girls we watched Heat lightning across the bay Only now the thunder Blinding Sunshine A stranger with the smile Under the rainbow A hundred cows with One expression Distinct thunder My daughter's laughter On the carousel Milky way A stream of termites From the woodpile Sky of no clouds Sand from the Shaman's hand Conjures a rainbow Fishing With Dad again The ripples Frost on the Daphne The way he says ' Teenagers Holding up a wall? First, dandelion leaf Dawn breeze Leaf shadows On her freckles Echo Of the pileated's call Wavering lake reflection Sunbeams The crows slow sideshuffle Down the wire Strawberry picking I stumble Over my past Chicago Chatter All the people peripheral To a life Morning prayer A whitethroated sparrow Opens with song Marmorized weather Gulls in free fall Over the ocean Twice swept out Twice blown back A doves feather Birth book A toddler scribbles In the blank spaces Darkening clouds I press cold Earth On tulip bulbs Dawn on Dal Lake Emerging from the mist The flower boat Spring grass The rounded rump Of an angus steer Washing trays? That held rice seedlings A song from the river First steps The scent of earth Clings to her shoes Wood anemone Only the hare And I First warm day We check the mountainside For wild goats Smell of lilacs My dog waits for me To catch up A fishing fleet Hanging in the clouds The spring horizon Ravens cry All the partings Still to come The warm glow Of living rooms One of them mine Sleet Storm The bare tree branches glisten With grackles Sound of the dog Getting through? To the marrow Moving day The old dog paces The empty rooms Winter sunset An aerial rattles With magpies [Neases of Rain] The talk show guest Addresses my problem Midmorning An icecrack, Ricciochets Across the river Rain patter On the windshield Second lie Winter sunset On the surf line [Jackfish Globes] Escalator Out of the subway Snowfall Dark comes early now We speak of the children We didn't have Winter morning The stray cat returns With a wound Lullaby She reaches To feel each word The stump chewed To a fine point Winter lodgings The last commuter Scraping windshield ice Orions belt Tenement clotheslines Sinking lower Winter clouds Prayers and hymns Echoing from long ago Sundance on a pew Long night The smell of Euucalyptus On a baby's chest Icy morning The twists and turns Of a childproof cap First snow The snug fit of spices In their rack Pensioned Filling the days With late tomatoes Summer's end The mother of the bride Holds an empty hat box Evening light The heron takes A new stance Sundown The sound as he scrapes Mud from his boots Late afternoon light Through the window blinds A drift of leaves Evening cricket Sniff vines disappearing In other beds Halloween Catfish, Bob For ripe persimmons Hazy Harvest Moon The face I met When our skin was smooth Mackerel, sky A concord grape bursts Between my teeth She leaves The gate open Indian summer Autumn, dusk A man standing too long On the street corner Moonlit night Through the storm door The raccoon's face Falling leaves I whisper my secrets To an old photo Evening heat Sifting through the screen door Their laughter Patio dinner Our plastic chairs Slowly chill Autumn air Two crows on the roof, move Closer together Fow with rain The usual junk In our mailbox Autumn rain A baseball card softens In the bicycle spokes Exchanging pleasantries While hammering Crab shells Shorter days Kink in the end Of a lizard's tail Morning fog He closes all the windows I just opened Saying goodbye The fence we painted Face to face Football practice The coach perfects His game voice Cottonwood rattle The word "lesslessness" Of his final days Hillside Cemetery All gravestones Face the view Blue sky The love I never had Lily of the Valley She hangs her bathing suit On a branch Cicada song The slow drift of creek foam Long into the night Summer Moon A Willow's shadow Dapples her grave Biting into cucumber The mountain wind Touches my cheek Golden Sun A gong resonates Through bamboo Lazy river Drifting toward the equinox On an inner tube Windows open The sound of summer In all the rooms Beantalks The kids want Taller stakes Suncatchers In the shop window She smiles back Long afternoon The ceiling fan Turning the wrong way Summer rain Smell of lavender In the mop water Am I so old? The sound of leaves Winning rain Father's day walk The pace Of the smallest grandchild Dappled sunlight Men, group around Their frothy beers Silence after thunder The new neighbor calling in Her children Through the sick boy's straw The loud emptiness Of his milkshake glass Longest day The smell of chemicals In the waiting room Water colors I paint the spaces Between waves Ruffling My found feather A breath An old flame The boat nudges Spended cattails Hot day A crow makes The Hawk flap Rows of corn? The farmers Bad posture Surf's Edge The shape of wind In her hair Lilies in bloom I launch the boat In another place Lily pads Not touching noon heat Big sky A pronghorn Hops a fence Storm clouds The cow's belly Rumbles Sunset The cuckoo repeats His morning song Summer dusk I douse the young fig tree With today's dishwater Fireworks The teenagers [whisper] City fireflies I don't know which window Is yours? Daybreak Mayfly wings On the cat Evening calm A cricket appears On my windowsill Meteor shower Turtle hatchlings Head for the sea Flickering buzz Of the pool hall sign Summer night The short night Sleeping on top Of the covers Long morning shadows Half shells flipped over By the tide Birdsong A blind child touches My smile Flowering clover Slows my mowing Bee after bee Big top A white moth passing Under the trapeze A flipflop In the middle of the street The heat Amid placards Pigeons settle For crumbs Channing the puppy Pursuing the wind White butterflies Clipped grass A rabbit keeps an eye on Saint Francis Summer camp Children play With sunlight Longest day A mosquito finds My ear Evening news Each cloud carries Part of the Sunset Leaden Sky The sharp angle Of the swallow's turn Old car graveyard Mama moves her kittens To the back seat Colors of flowers I promise the children She's in heaven Spring cleaning She pauses a while At the bay windows Afternoon shadows Temple stones Stripped and numbered No man's land A boy flies a kite Above rubble Grown wild The spot where I buried The last of my pets Funeral flowers Bright, pollen staining The fresh linen The Aegean So blue This wild, Anemone Bristlecone Pine Older Than our religions New Year's Eve Riding velvet The wrong way Winter Moon A smudged fingerprint On the inkstone White Dawn The calf's breath On the udder Magpie nestlings Redgum widowmakers Creak in the wind Gray skies A kestrel Cries, it's kill Fireside A piece of jigsaw Slips into place Waking beside you? The room glows With snowlight April, sleet Oathoin sticks To the pot Light rain The open beak Of the bird Whistling back to them? I can't find the right key Tree frogs City dusk The warmth Of an AMT booth Blaming At some point, the rain Became snow First snowfall A chirp to remind us The battery's low Midnight Mass The stained glass infant glows From within Quiet, twilight Grandpa, prunes thin limbs With his pocketknife Full moon The static In his touch Longest night The death poem Rustles Moonless night Our neighbors telephone Rings and rings Dead of winter Relighting The pilot flame Calling home The color of mother's voice Before her words Lifting fog The wingwhistle Of a mourning dove The comfort Of her conversation Gentle rain Foam flowers The pull of sand under My inner child Salmon ladder The surrounding trees stuffed with eagles At the goldfish grave We form a circle Of river stones Sixth anniversary Acorns between the cracks Of the deck boards Autumn Twilight My breath in and out With the waves Border Collie Rounding up The tide The hooked fish's Last gasp It's eye on me Autumn, mist Wrapped In Grandmas Shawl Silted River An old doe turns To face the flow Incessant rain A book from a library That no longer exists Spring rain The door to the cuckoo clock About to open A onewindow shack And sunflowers that sway The short twilight Warm, evening breeze The cemetery gate Still open A monitor Measures my heartbeat The sound of rain tug of her hand A heron one breath away From the sky Dying In Birdsong Day Sultry night A passing train Shakes the shack Warm rain Nevertheless Fireflies Heat wave The Mailman fans himself With my bills Reddening plums The shy daughters First date noon heat Statue mimes hair Remixing Historic battlefield Beyond the trenches The moles earthworks Sheet lightning The first strands of gray In her hair Warm Sunday afternoon Mom and daughter ponytails Chating in the kitchen Mercury beads rolling On the bathroom floor Integrator weather City Horse tethered The ancient grassland In both eyes Afternoon thunder The softness Of my mother's touch Dispersing clouds Bails of hay scattered In the fenced field Jasmine tendrils Waiting! For my daughters call Dawn The rooster for sacrifice Calls in the temple Dry Creek bed The Seven Stepping Stones To the other side [licking raspberry stains] From my palm The heat Clear day A painted turtle Takes the plunge A raven's cry The fading lines Of the petroglyph Left on the shrine The stone that tumbled From the cliff Stepping stones She moves A little closer Blue Summer Morning The egret returns To the guppies pond Summer sky A damselfly stirs The blue air Smell of sweet clover Sting into the place I used to belong Loon, call A kayak emerges From the fog Summer clouds A kite's shadow Crosses the path Thunder A bag, let's loose In the teacup Wrangling the borders I strain to remember My new neighbour's name Longest day It seems I will be lonely Forever Paddling the shallows The little boy stops For every shell Scudding clouds The creak of wagon wheels Through grandfather's journal Rustling leaves Smell of gardenia On my cat's fur In her sun hat Gardening, she hums Our song My hands at rest In dishwater First Hummingbird Bliss Wind! The sun on my side Of the waves Whelk egg case? My father and my child Heads just touching Spring rain My stones circle Lost in the pond Deformed Horn The cattle egrets Gather anyway The pulse In a knot of spiderlings Warm breeze The movement Of clouds between The hounds yawns Pond path Bubble eyes Follow my footsteps A butterfly Wavers in the heat Deadend Road [Teeter] Field in bloom A dent Where the dog was? Spring morning Green lights all the way To the freeway Lost in apple blossoms The man with dementia Knows where he's going Hanging Over the backyard fence Twilight and Wisteria LooLning magnolias I linger In the darkness Early rising The doors peek hole (Streams) Sunshine Choppy River Bursts of the coxswains orders On the wind Mother's Day Filling the bare spots With nasturtiums After the stars Trout bones On a white plate Lilac scent The sound of hair Through her brush Freshly painted door A Bumblebee explores The color black Spring training A father catches His breath Sun after rain Tadpoles in a circle Point inward Good Friday The sudden whiteness Of Hawthorn Enough pan On the radiator May begins Holding high mi On my air guitar Spring morning Misty rain The clown painting He meant to leave me Soft greens And cherries full bloom But peace Earth Day Only a cherry petal In the donation jar The kite's tail Ripped from knotty branches [Mockingbird Song] Blue Butterfly A little girl whistling To herself House for sale A vine almost to the end Of the laundry line Spring frost The windup toy stopped In midstride Source of the creek A kinglets Breeding song Early blossoms The Hummingbird's throat Brighter still Two plovers And their shadows Ploughed fields Sold sign The nest In the leafless tree [calving glacier] A mother whispers To her child Mountain torrent The water ouzel flicks A white eyelid The tips Of crabapple buds April sunrise Lawn daisies A boy tosses the ball To himself Bare branches A coyote howls In the wind Waiting in the room With the plaster skeleton Early winter Death watch Clouds connect the sky One end to the other Cemetery Garden Rain falls on Plastic leaves Biting cold Moonlight on the nail heads Of the old fence We pass Humming different tunes Winter Moon Long illness unfolding someone's Dogeared pages Winter night Father's last words Never come Feather in the grass I grieve for a friend I never met Hagel melt A lizard skin shimmers On the broken wall Full moon I eat everything Including the orchid Autumn rain Only an earthenware Teapot will do First rain A child's paper boat Caught in the drain cover Bird song Between blows Of the axe Deep Creek My father considers Retirement? We talked Until Moonset Crickets I stop looking For the sunrise First sip of tea The boy Told not to cry White Chrysanthemums Slowmoving river A heron's neck Enters the grey Cold Moon A rising wave splashes The taste of salt Her auburn hair Still catches my eye Autumn Wind Midweek The crouch Of a grasshopper Family quarrel The breakfast tartness Of fresh quince, jam Parking lot crow The same complaints Every morning Autumn River The old couple walks Not holding hands Indian summer The drawing teacher draws Between classes Clouded moon I let the machine Pick up his call Early to the station Ducks fly overhead In pairs They speak again If only of the weather Clearing sky Ginko To learn of the pine Sticky fingers Autumn Trail Cub scouts stomping Over the footbridge Shortening days The neighbour's dog Welcomes me home Harvest Moon I find you dancing With the scarecrows Milky way The crunch of glass Along the bike path Harvest Moon When will the stray dog? Find it's home New coolness A bird flies toward A hole in the clouds Disappealing sun The first bubble In the pasta sauce The old shoes On my feet A path in the dark This Halloween Children born since 911 Evening wind Everything in motion But the moon Fireflies And I get to stay out As long as I like Seaside cabin A picture window In every room Weekend getaway We give a name To the Jetty Cat Ebb tide A trail of jellyfish Out to the moon The city below In my hand, traces of A firefly I held too tight Late summer Chant of carnies Driving stakes Sea light This year she wades In the waves alone End of summer The beachcomber palms A cigarette Rumbling ocean Old stories Circle the campfire River gorge The long way Through yellow aspen Buffalo Bones A wind less than a whisper In the summer grass Dry spell The sounds of a mason Splitting Rock Hot afternoon The carter wipes his hand On the donkey's back Wooted towpath The cyclists Avoid my eyes Sun behind the hills A long cast In stillness Long walk home Kicking a stone For company Dark river The swimming mudhens Leave silver wakes Sound of anklets On the winding path River Song Spring snow The sound of the bottom Of someone's bowl Forsythia Her ponytail Skipping along Spring Sunday The campus tourguide Walks backwards Cloister Garden A bumblebee enters The Flowers Cup Bog, rosemary First, their humming Then the bees Bright wind The Bronze Geese Green with spring Hilltop My kite tugs and tugs At childhood memories Spring morning The hand of a student who? May know the answer First, Rosebuds A slight bulge In the squirrel's belly Still wet After crossing Spring wind Down Syndrome, child Button over a tidepool The anemone opens A spring welcome [Rivers through the length Of the beagle First warm day Torn caution tape At the trailhead As if, Moss We're not enough The spotted salamander Overnight bus A young boy picking things From his sleeping father's hair A picture of tulips On an empty sack Almost spring Back to back Checking who's taller? Spring, equinox Pale crocus Pretending this is Our first kiss Black cockatoos The distant rumble Of Harry's Refugee camp A mother croons, a lullaby To her unborn child Stone Angel A hint of life In the winter trees Letter from home The snow muddy Wherever I step Almost spring Untangling the streamers On the windsock Almost spring The way she says edamame High tide in the slough Two little boys, pole In a foreign land Winter sun Trying to believe In my beliefs Snow Field A raven rises In its cry Buttermilk Seeps from the churn Wild onions A wash of daisies Along the cliff top The whales give a blow (Rivers in the tidepool) A quieter ocean In my child's shell Winter stars You introduce me Friends by friend Another log on the fire Two kings On the checker board Winter night I hear the cats purr With my hands Winter night Cookie crumbs on both sides Of the bed Snowflakes Freezed to treebark Morning silence Cold evening Changing my teacup To the other cheek The child's nose Melts a hole in a frost, fern Windblown, dark One more goodnight Halo around The hunger moon Sunrise Nothing on the snowman Stops the drip Hospice book cart The one, no one finishes Is back on top? Our new home Winter sunshine fills The empty rooms Damn Earth Slick bellies Of winter radishes The scent of snow A flake Then nothing Coldest day Steam from the sidewalk grates Rises undisturbed Winter stars My feet slip slightly On the path Apple trees Growing into each other Winter drizzle Winter break My grandsons Short sentences Midwinter Depression In my address book Crossing out the dead? Twilight The unexpected brightness Of snowdrops Late shift Again, the waitress Talks of her children The ant returns After being flicked Autumn, loneliness Mild December Walking acorns In the earth Deep autumn The gleam of his wedding band As he tends the fire Beach to ourselves A dusting of snow On the driftwood New Year's Resolution The fresh snow Already melting Soft light We mound leaves Around the sapling December, dusk Ink spilled on A white canvas Bedtime My children pray For snow Red mittens Her laughter ahead Of the snowball Winter morning A roof beam swings In the blue Grandpas desk I sharpen a pencil stub Just for the sound Border town All the houses With a dog to beware of Dry stream bed Only the loud pulse Of cicadas So many memories Gliding pelicans Rearrange themselves In the bottom Of a leaky rowboat A glimmer of stars Back to school Graffit's visible Under fresh paint Twilight A red pony narrowing The distance to the barn Creekbed Curlews poke their bills The whole way in An anchor dropped All the stars in place This last summer night Slow dawn The first flower On the marrow plant Childless I stand with the others By the river Organic garden A cactus wren Probes for grubs Poking flowerpots To see if they need water Her faded house dress Dust motes A careful sweep Around the cat June bugs Under the street lamp Our goodnight kiss Dry riverbed A new kind Of silence A bird sings On my clothes line I can wait An armful of lilies In the fullness of summer An urn full of ash More gray in my hair A faint scent of Mimosa Sweetens the breeze Muggy night The child's breathing turns A paper moon Summer drizzle Dark shadow of an umbrella Takes its time Pink honeysuckle Trying to find the place The creek used to run Longer days A nameless bug On my bicycle Clear summer sky The breeze blowing rubbish Around children's feet Leaving the fair? High on my father's shoulders Distinct sunset 50th year Smell of honeysuckle After the rain Dry grass A donkey, colt Learning to wallow Hot day The bicycle chain Keeps slipping off Street fair A mockingbird mimics The ventriloquist "Stoleflower fields" Girls in the Jeep sing My favourite things The drifting boat It must have nudged bluebells Somewhere upstream Rucksack In tall grass The scent of honeysuckle Monsoon clouds A herd of water, buffalo Wades into the pond Neighborhoods, Quarrel A climbing rose stretched Over the fence Morning thunder Mom and the dog Both favor a hip [ stream] Meandering Lovers! Spouting philosophy A giant salamander Has been watching us Water buffaloes Shoreline Shadows, Pleast The Monsoon Lake A different pitch From room to room Summer rain Storm damage The sap still rising In the stump of a maple The roosters First five syllables All he's got Lucky Bamboo A single leaf Tipped with sun Spring walk Just me and my Ponytail? Bright, Jacaranda Filling the hill town courtyard The grindstones, whir Sunset stroll The Labrador's nose streaked With Pollen Brush strokes Morning light warms The spring roses Apple blossoms With only me to witness The path of the wind Trayer ruts Softened by rain First buds Remains of rain Between the flagstones Morning prayer The frog Migrately shifts his posture Summer evening Late summer No place in the corn Where you're not touched? One egg Rattling in the pot Autumn rain Stones in the rootmass Of a fallen tree Winter stars Winter morning Suds Still on the soap Walking One inch closer to heaven First snow Snow On the stones The stream Snowflakes The perfect fit Of our hands As I turn each yellowed page Breaks free ' Fowhorns The Ginkgo's last leaves Fall with the snow Winter commute The train's momentum In the small of my back Filled through pine The Pygmy owls, Staccato Staples of Moonlight Winter night I sip ginger tea From my sister's cup Cold snap Hotdog vendor dancing To warm his feet First snow One child Wakes the others New Year's Eve The old janitor Wrings out his mop New Year's Eve One side of the mare Dusted with snow Orion overhead Our last kiss of the year Is the first of the next? Basswood stump What I would say If asked Red Circle Around the Japanese maple Autumn evening Shooting stars A splash of sea salt Brightens the soup Winter solstice I delete an email From Jesus Emerging from the pine cone I just sprayed silver The matching spider Autumn, dusk Red leaves coming down With the rain The rip Of a sheet of paper Deep autumn Starry night The tops of hay bales Sparkle with frost A winter day Turned warm The smell of Haylofts Stars at Dawn The clatter of small change On the coffee shop counter Golden hour A nuthatch pauses Partway down the trunk Rifle Of radio jazz Wren? Autumn, dusk Enough light To count the leaves Leaffall My echo Returns Old schoolyard Dark, ivy hides The fucks Autumn Sunset The lit bellies on a string Of Geese Orange sky The cattle dog drinks From my hands How to tell? Of the myriad rich browns Pinoak leaves High school reunion We view the leaves falling In different ways Sagging totem pole The tiny adze marks In perfect rows Small talk The pile of apple peels Growing Evening stillness A bonfire log slips In its own ash Dawn light On a redtailed hawk Indian summer Old snag A woodpecker starts The day Time change Most of the fallen leaves Hidden by others Family reunion The beach stones underfoot More painful now Around the table Three generations And the dog Autumn Sunrise The bristled coat Of a Hereford steer Indian summer The road crew plays catch With a hardhat Autumn light The deer's shadow Touches my toes Twilight The rough ends Of twobyfours Peach juice From chin to sink Summer's end His stubble In my sink Morning rain Birch seeds tumble From the laundry bin End of the day Leaf smoke The tart crunch Of an apple A lover's moon She tosses her bra Out of the hayloft Rolling thunder The gentle vibration Of unused crystal End of summer A flat tire On the wheelbarrow In the notes Of the sax Autumn rain Fields plowed "Stoleflower Seeds" Packed in cellophane Prairie Nothing Higher Wild, flax A minute of blue sky On a cloudy day Late summer Eelgrass turns With the tide Flyfishing A mosquito's buzz In my ear Deep current His long pause Before the lie Distinct thunder Stargazer, Lilies Caught in the brush fire Blue sky In the far distance Still penniless Pond at twilight A least bittern scuttles Through the sedges Sound of water A fish rests On my foot Evening sun The shadow of a fence On my face Waiting for the rains Both sides Of the pillow hot Simmering heat A rattlesnake flashes It's new skin Midday heat The glassblower's bubble Impossibly thin Sun shower Children, hopscotch In pavement steam Wilderness Canyon My shout and it's echo Quickly lost in time Rising sun The flies and I Remain still Circulating The Overland stage marker Migrating hummers Blazing sun I tell her What I really think The crammed beak Of a blackbird Summer rain Climbing in shadow The Canyon Rim Brightly lit First stars A bats wing brushes My face Hot morning The glitter of traffic On the harbour bridge crowded wharf caf Old fishermen comparing Night crawlers Lands end A seal returns The dog's bark Banana Leaf Our small talk In the rain Summer Cottage The nails Mother straightened Beach closed A slow walk on the pier With seagulls Ferry dock Sundance bounces From wave to wave Stifling heat Vultures teeter beneath Monsoon clouds Afternoon breeze No one understands what The parrot sings Spring Dawn The beggar dumps a spider From her cup Sacrcur A ladder almost up to A stained glass window School dismissed The cemetery shortcut Comes alive Summer solstice A little sunfish Puts up a fight A butterfly So long at my window Summer dusk Lilacs in bloom The lecturer drones on About Endoflife Memorial Day A graveyard full Of old glories Gentle days The tethered dinghy Dride's round Solstice shadows The mockingbird's breast A study in blues Summer solstice The sound of a door closing At dusk Marking The cat's grave Our dog Continental divide A bumblebee gathers pollen From both slopes Spring rain Stepping in the spaces Between worms The rusted hooks In dad's tackle box Spring tide First light Trying to untangle Birdsong Children's Zoo The one blackfaced sheep Gets all the pats [Rasps] On a meadow pond Oriole song Appalachian Springs A pair of catfish Wiking upstream? Angler's guide All the fish We didn't catch Distinct haze A cuttlebone lifted From the tide Catching rain On my tongue Smell of plum blossoms In like a lion The buds Of a pussywillow Rush hour Spring snow covers The roadside memorial First buds Droplets too fine For the wiper Spring sunshine We look round a house We can't afford Spring, equinox The precise pitch Of a sparrow Suddenly, spring I read the ending First No one To forgive Spring again Drifting cherry petals A window goes up In the passing limousine Easter Egg Hunt He brings back Horseapples Moonglow The hoot of an owl Circles the house Snowed in Grandma faded notes For tatting Cold, rainy night Salt drifts to the bottom Of the shot glass Noreaster Another puzzle piece Clicks into place Spring Moon All night long The mockingbird's song All night, snow I listen to mouse feet Crossing the attic The root cellars Bare bulb Deep winter Her long hair The slightest scent Of the sea The outstretched fingers Of a toddler First winter rain Vernal, Equinox Storks again In the old nest Circle of Lamplight I complete the baby quilt Beginning for me Between windows The space, the spider Lived and died Another soldier The sound of wind Through a hole in the fence I raise my head From his chest, heartbeats To crickets First yoga session [Rhythmic] Creaking Husband spellbound His wife's version Of their courtship Bird house empty of seed Even the Jays Look for Bernard Hospital Vigil The imperceptible shift Of clouds Deserted beach Missing a child's Hand to hold Open house My children, their children Joy is my middle name Thunderclap A squirrel near the feeder Scoops its chest Mother's Day Giftwrapped box of chocolates One piece missing Stable rain I fall short of being the human I wish to be Migrating birds Cones of sand tumble From her notebook Twilight deepens The wordless things I know Reddening apples Her palette Still loaded with color An empty chair In the poet's circle Words of love Blue September sky The wordless things We want to know Death of a friend Loss of her creative soul Inflames inspires mine Her yellow painting Above bifocals her dark eyes Even brighter No matter how short we may fall My image of you Shall always stand tall Sometimes I think You would answer the phone If I were to call Warm earth The Gardens It makes Moonless night In the harvested wheat field I too am empty The quiet strengths Of a gentle leader Colors that will not fade Exchanging haiku stories We forget we live On different continents One breath The distance between I am and I was Rereading the renga We wrote a decade ago My name her name Windstorm The garden stripped of Her bright colors There is no ending Only the change Of seasons Twilight lingers The thousand echoes Of her wordless things My father's birthday I spill A box of nails Fry sunset Her ruby fingertips "Against his lips Autumn leaves The street singers "Dear love" Dark so soon The evening after I killed the mouse Harvest Moon The small puddle Nearly filled Getting colder No hop left In the grasshopper Highland Lake Burnt button grass On both sides of the moon Day Moon Another armful Of shriveled corn Alabama Farm The scarecrow dressed In white linen Full moon All our sounds Are vowels? Stepping stones The river changes It's tune Early autumn The farmer sands a splinter On a buggy spoke Indian summer We need to be reminded To let the young win Barn Loft My children scatter wheat grains Grandfather heaped up Wasps Among the windfalls August Light First day of school Summer's change In a canning jar Waterfall Near the end of dry season A black groove in the stone This time I don't kill the wasp Summer's end First, fall day She speaks of taking One more long trip Cantaloupe The sweetness Of drought Back to school Slug Trails On home plate Late summer wind The marks on a hay bale Where it was bound Autumn, Equinox A sunbeam divides the melon Immediately into two New coolness The mushrooms Strict tilt Squash blossoms I teach my son To count The old couple Wrig their tiny garden Sundance on stone First ride Without the training wheels Summer breeze Fresh Tar Blackeyed Susans Lost in the scent Menfolk A pup in the middle Of idle pats andscratches Thinning the carrots Still thinking about the child? Miscarried The strike of a nail Travels down the fence Dog days Rest, stop Sparrows, pick the insects From a semis grill Hot afternoon The hum Of her sewing machine The late glare Of a summer sidewalk Winos pool their change Dusk Couling the hose? Around a glowworm Firefly night Muffled giggles From the small boy's tent War news The cat chases Her tail Hard rain The sizzle of summer peppers In the skillet Tink and splat Of rain on garden tools Ragtime in my head Summer evening Friends compete To thread my needle The newspaper open A moth rests On my knuckle hairs Distinct thunder The last cookies in the jar Both burned Predawn rain The dog's tail whapping As we doze Rainy morning A thickfingered teller [Doles out] Dollar bills Twirled parasol The lacecap hydrangeas Blealed, pale blue I don't know A soul at this picnic Damselflies Second wedding The fragrance of petals Torn from the Rose Cigardas My strength flows In the day's heat Making love The meadow In my pockets Yuppie House The bougainvillea climbs According to Plan Hot Sunday I get lost In the knot garden Wedding reception The unfolding tail Of a white peacock Climbing through A haze of mayflies Summer Moon One extra push On the oak tree swing Suppertime Salmon, run Does the river too? Have memory Remembering him? The worn shell Still pink inside Moonlight On the rocky side Of an oyster shell Outstretched cormorant The sun rays filter Through my fingers Dreaming aloud Until the tide Touches our feet Island shrine The slap of salmon Across the water Sea and sky The sand slipping out From under my feet "Always with my thoughts The wet sand a mirror Between EB and Flute High tide [Jackfish] Moons Sun along the shore Even the grey cockle shells Surprise me Spring day The cat returns with cobwebs In his whiskers Summer cabin I do away With the curtains Lunch time The treecutter finds a tree For shade Sunny snag A pair of turtles slide In thick silt Heat wave Cryfish holes Appropriate to the north Border feud Picking the BlackBerry? That breaks the web From deep in the forest A haunting Birdsong Sung just once Ancient sequoia Straw hat In my hand Marsh Lightning The trees blossoms open In egrets Stepping stones Across the stream Your hand small in mine Parting ways The Cherry Branch Went down with blossom Distinct, siren The sound of a heifer [calving] Isolated Deep In cherry blossoms And still alive She uses A kitchen chair Magnolia blossoms New buds The snake's tongue Protesting air Soft rain The clown's smile Turns a little sad Caroling, magpies A ghost gum outlined With light from the east Spring breeze Framing of sweet grass On the mare's breath Mother's Day Admiring Lilacs Just past their peak Lavalage farm We mingle With Bumblebees Fat moon! Through every window Bull frogs Morning alarm Father's face Floats away Notch awake My first steps Flush pheasant Spring Dawn My cup Full of river Soft breeze The weaver bird loops A blade of grass Cake, crumbs The balloons leak My breath Morning Moon The mouse On a small branch Layers of mountains Echoing boom of the blue Grouse A willow shoot Between river stones Morning light The petals still creased On a fresh primrose Moving day Cold Moon A moment of hesitation Years ago The wrong road Exactly placed hoof prints Of a horse Shop window The beggar's reflection In new clothes First warm day The Toy Cup fills With sunlight First day of spring She doesn't ask me Why I'm late? Morning shift One star Over the mineshaft Road puddles umbrellas dip At each passing car Muted sunshine The old cat stalks With a limp The scent Of thawing earth Distinct dinner bell Filling A whole room The snapped Daffodil Raw winds The tilt Of my flamingo Moonlit night The shadow of a wolf Just like a wolf Orion rising In the eastern sky We compare secrets Wretchedout stairs Up to my old mother's home An owl hooting She strokes My thinning hair Winter Moonlight Early snow Outside the window Pomegranates Snow Moon The hunters Enough trap A star falls In the winter dark The rumble of a train Crackling fire Her breath Smells of cinnamon Midwinters night The occasional chirrup Of the smoke alarm Cold rain Barbed wire in the middle Of an oak The flock's wings One bird veers In silence First snow He promises to write A new will First snow Deer, enter the orchard On tiptoe Leaves falling Some on the boulder Some in the stream The falcon tugs at her tether Shortest day Ice patch The surprising strength Of mother's grip After the burial My father's smile On so many faces Mountain Stillness The loon call Held by the lake A corner of dry leaves She slowly folds The second opinion Almost dawn An empty whiskey bottle Near the phone First morning Without my old dog My face wakes up dry Owing braids Won't go any tighter? November evening Starry, Starry Night He wishes he had A big thought Autumn morning Passengers in the train Behind their newspapers shattered mirror Each image of myself Whole Foggy studio window The primary colours Lined up in jars Deep autumn The candle flame flickers As I pass Starlit sky Some brighter Than others Nearly winter The stilt dancer bows To a spruce Brilliant moon I hold my hand up to it Unadorned Shooting star The warmth Of a child's breath Ray of Moonlight Our bare feet disturb The cedar floorboards Job listings Morning, glories open By the bay The search light Bouncing off clouds Newtown, Lonesome Autumn Night The spruce drops Silver needles Her bedtime More stars On the other side of this tree Moving day One last look At the elm Autumn, melancholy The guitar in the corner Waits my friends Starless night From the barroom, a love song About red lips Winter wind A cradlesong sung In an ancient tongue Deep woods A sapling with one leaf Changes color Mountain Trail A sithere rock padded with moss Tarweed in bloom A ground squirrels Puck of dust Windfall, tomatoes A rabbit zigzags The garden row A flash of red In the pine tree ' Katydid chorus Nothing that can't wait Until tomorrow Oasis A cactus wren Sips from the end of a hose The last crop planted Changing the tire On the tree swing The flycatchers Last sliver of sun On the ridge Heat lightning Places where the mower? Cut too low Key West Sunset Trading one shell For another The faded blue Of a lifeguard station Unfilled shells in my pocket A beach ball The gentle slap Of the moon Where the boys sat? A semicircle Of watermelon seeds Thunderhead A snake's path Slicing up the dune Warm rain His childhood memories About the beach Softshell crabs The toddler shows off Her belly button Weathered dock A child reaches out To smooth a wave Wind in the tall grass An old blue car Almost in motion Greet oozes From a Ferris wheel The long day Farmers market Fruitflies pointing out The ripe ones The coolness Of evening grass Our first time Sunny morning The Rooster challenges The bull again Back at work The mosquito bite Bluffs Midsummer The uneven whirl Of a hula hoop Girl, fiddler, last to play Sugar at the bottom Of the Lemonade Cup Biting into the fig How red? His heart tattoo Power outage Forced outside to read I put down my book City sidewalk Colors swirl in a bubble Of spit Morning, rush hour An Osprey points a fish In the wind The still cumulus A hum of voices Before the workshop Muggy night Our room fan ruffles The front page Bright morning Walking the pain From my heart Wandering From birdsong to birdsong City morning Salt spray A taste of peat In my whisky Evening warmth [ Lockkey] Kids play rummy In the doorway Sunrise We lower The blinds crowded square A mimes glance Crosses mine Merrygoround No one wants to ride The Wolf Spring shower Dark hands, skinning catfish In the kitchen sink Leaf buds The flycatcher Varies his call Almost no Cards to buy Father's Day Dawn The broken edge Of a blue shell Sunday morning Gathered ibis Worry out the prayer Rainy season A smile on everything The child draws Searching willow wands For the purple phoebe My water bottle flutes His parting gift Origami Swans Durant this long Day Moon A girl with dog tags Skipping rope Gardenia Just knowing It's scent Gonesome coals Urgeant in the ashes Peepers at dawn First light Not enough words For Green Dawn Yoga Forms change With a roosters call Funeral Her long hair follows The wind Turning the corner A breath of laundry And lilacs Moonlight On the sapling's branch An unexpected flower Tripped from sleep By the solstice moon Cowbells Ascension Day Paste crumbs For the birdtable Cathedral shade A bee deep inside The bearded iris The laughter Of elderly friends Magnolia Rain New path The throat Of a violet Mother's Day This year The white carnation Mother's Day A Hummingbird drinks Between breezes High noon A carpenter bee busy In the hoe handle Daisy Chain A tick Already gorged Done for the day My dad brings to supper The smell of turned earth Cold spring rain The depth Of her yawn Her long skirt Trembles The tulip leaf too A pair of hens Peer through the fence Apple blossoms Glass shards In a circle of stones Spring sunset [Geep Bells] A light wind lifts The butterfly wing Old tractor seat Filled with rain And Birdsong Spring afternoon Her buttocks peek out From my shirt Sunday morning Picking empties Off the lawn Someone at the gate The blue wren rounds up All his hens Early spring When the rain stops I close the door Distinct, Virga The ranch dog's eyes Different colors Spring break Rival shirts flying Together on the line The neighbors, tiff Envelops the valley Bees in the cherry tree A sea of blossoms Will every bird? Find it's mate Winter morning Dad's butter in a cup Atop the toaster Winter morning Her perfume scents The river path The last of winter The Crucifix covered With a purple shroud March wind The story of a couple Who separate? Mating Robins The broken yellow Of the centerline Children's laughter A weekend, Father With sticks in his hair Church bells Tree roots have cracked The sidewalk Clearing sky A hailstone melts On the fallen flower The void she leaves A honeybee enters An apple blossom First buds She only counts The green cars Snow Country Every word You say? She finds Her great grandmother Diet on the stone Fresh snow The cat's paws deep In eiderdown Raking leaves The two of us together Until dark Cold Moon A stray dog roams The Village Street Pearl Harbor Day The clerk validates My parking stub Grandma's birthday Snowflakes fill the letters Cleaned into the stone New Year's Morning A toothbrush color I've never used North Wind A new edge On the old axe Calls from listeners Who've been through the same? Winter stars Thanksgiving My brother and I catch up At halftime Open windows I switch off a concerto To hear the trees Sweet tea, steam Dissolving The man in the moon Turning the page These photographs Mother never pasted in Enough clothesline The mockingbird Beginns his song Slant of light Through autumn woods Whitethroat's minor whistle Full moon The baby monitor (sighs) Pine scent in the air A memory of memre Cleaning house Winter Dawn A tub of washing All run blue Frosty morning Steam rises From the horse's blankets Rearview Mirror Yellowing leaves And my gray hair Faded recipe Peeling apples With Grandma Allhallows, Eve The last leaves fall From the wild grape Dying light A red rubber ball On the grate Thorn by thorn Pale moonlight down A century plant Grandfather's house Light of the moon On an unpruned tree The smile Lost in her wrinkles Deep autumn Cooler now Street children sniff glue In the twilight Evening breeze Hundreds of lamp flames Sway in the temple Autumn Wind Groceral flyers Flying A wasp nest Out of reach of the hose Autumn begins Filigreed Moon The soft edges Of her lingerie Morning fog The music Between headlines The deep hues Of worn ricing sticks O'Biebwe harvest Farm stand A pie in each basket Of apples Early evening I wait for sunset To touch the birches Between the toes Of two lovers The moon Fall morning Marsh, mud glistens In the rowboat Prairie sunshine A tiny flower With an Indian name Autumn evening The clink of carnival rings On empty bottles Home for the weekend A water lily's root Trailing out of sight Summer clouds She talks about death Hypothermiacly Fishing Where my brother stood Twilight chill Cicada song Just enough embers To rekindle the fire Sale pending Crunched apples scent The sidewalk Moonflowers I weave a wreath For my sisters, urn Mountain Sunset The mockingbird's song Unanswered Falled tree On the river I've yet to cross Sunrise Goldenrod In the first frost No rain for days A halfeaten apple taken away From the fruit flies A little inn With a swinging signboard The evening chill Almost spring She tells the whole story In a single breath Spring morning Last year's new neighbor Introduces himself In memory of Kaji Aso April 25, 1936,March 11, 2006 Spring snow A little remains On the stolen car Voice of the peeper Gliders On the spring breeze Summer afternoon Lifting up my bottom a little Then going back to sleep Harvest Moon Spider, too Gazing at it quietly In memory of Tombo, Lorraine, Elli's Harr October 31, 1912march 3, 2006 No other sound Just spring rain dripping Through wisteria Dragonflies Even if I could catch one I wouldn't Midwinter gloom She turns on the lights In her doll's house The time it takes For snowflakes to whiten The distant pines Tree frogs Giving voice To the rains Open windows The scent of lilacs moves From room to room Unanswered mail A pelting rain Flattens the pansies Mother's Day A nurse unties The restraints Talk of peace An ovenbird nests On a rusted trap Cabin fever A wandering mastiff Smells each tulip Vast blue sky We empty Her closets The greening pastures One Hawk's circles Answered by another Almond blossoms The weight Of raindrops Late snow In the wire basket (Orange sprouts) Early thaw A kitten puts his front paws On the windowsill Once again Just the two of us Snowdrops in bloom Bull's nose A swarm of bees Follows the pollen Sixth day sick Dandelion Seed In a spider web More snow The brittleness Of the Wishbone Country evening Smoke crosses the river Far from the bridge [Elated Platform] My shadow grows longer Waiting for you Deserted Stadium The caretaker kicks A goal First day of spring A new bottle of ink For an old fountain pen The grinding gears Of a flatbed truck Snowflakes Train coming All the snowmen Begin to move Winter rain The light From the flower shop Vernal, Equinox Winter overflows The closet Spring breeze Patches of old snow In the junkyard A gull or a pelican On each old pylon Winter sunrise Midwinter, thaw? Last night I dreamed My dad was alive Low gray sky An Afghan warming On the radiator February, dusk A mouse is eating From the Cats saucer Her old voice Young with love speaking To her old cat Midfebruary Choosing the sunniest spot? To fill my tank Senior Center Dust collects on Origami Cranes Evening rain The new phone book Without his name Winter rain The warmth of her touch In my dream A penny for my thoughts The fireflies Of last summer This morning, too The light of the moon Mother love Cloud stain On the mountain Last year's snow New Year's Day The center of the chocolate Not what I expected Blackout The sound Of candles Clear night Snow shifts On the windowpane New Year's Day Deer tracks on both sides Of the fence Early winter A growing desire To paint the ceiling Winter isolation Tossing one pair of socks In the hamper Snow Moon Our angels Somewhere underneath? Brought wind A man hunched over A hole in the ice Autumn evening I lightly touch My son's first scribbles Solstice A crow settles On the snowman Dust on the antlers Over the mantel The logs shift Just one more page Before I sleep Infinite rain Early winter moon The sound of a newspaper As it hits the ground Long night, moon One more load of wood Before dark Cold soup The Winter Moon On snow Longest night The strains of carolers Come and gone New Year's fireworks Waking again With the dog Night fading away New snow in the playground Seats This evening With no dog barking Autumn Wind Destructed wet leaves On the storm drain A blanched worm Calder sculpture A single brown leaf tumbling From the sky Autumn Wind From next door's garden The sound of hideandseek Full moon My monthly loss For words Morning fog The dog keeps some slack In his leash Late fall One by one parachutists Return to Earth Christmas shopping My daughter's lip rolls In her mother's pout Dying light His voice in the crowd Of shadows Enough page The dog's gray muzzle On my knee Obsolete shelter The glimmer of sunlight On broken glass Autumn leaves The creak In my left knee Brought wind A crane lands among [Thronging Cranes] The housefronts Changing color In the rain Autumn leaves A religious pamphlet Left on the bridge Dreary day A black walnut gnawed white Storm front The wind gauge pointing Directly at me November Rain Embracing the weight Of my sisters, urn Sweetgrass braids We bury grandmother Without her wig Fish ladder Patches of Moss On graffiti Autumn Broomsage A golden eagle Curbs across the sun Something startles The rabbit field Mackerel, sky Starlit sky Are you sure? We are alone Courthouse Square A clock ticks Above the hanging tree Divorce Final The double twist Of a mbius strip Kindergarten The squeak of new shoes In the school yard New moon It's only withered Zinnias Rustling in a breeze Sounds of trucks From where the road runs now Autumn Night Full moon On the sandbar Cormorants hide their eyes View of the hill Behind tract houses Thinning pines Baled hay Left in the field A crickets ragged chirp Last light An ant swims In the Hummingbird feeder Summer stars We pick out Our house A moonless night The old cars, Muffler Leaves sparks in its wake Kite shop A red dragonfly Flits in and out One more game Of shirts vs skins Summer dusk In the pleat Of a morning glory A firefly's light midnight Some of the sounds Are insects? Rising sun The shadow three times bigger Than the bird Red Leaf I return it To the shore, wind Summer afternoon A raven and its shadow Wiking through the treetops Garden trail My comings and goings Have worn a groove First, Cicada I fold away The blankets Cherry tomatoes Cradled in my hands August heat Sundance Grazes my fingers The first ripe peach Squealing Garden Roots of the strangler, fig Create their own forms The lake's reflection Goes all the way out the limb Summer solitude Stiring wheat The faint sound Of an ancient sea PlaCId Lake The sound of bike wheels On the gravel path Roadside stall In a tomato box The trust coins Yellow Lilies Lighten the daythe last walk For my dog and me In the backyard shade A small gust brings coolness And a white petal Harrest sun The complicated eyes Of a grasshopper A mosquito Caught in my hair Smell of pine Distinct thunder A load of swamp drops From the backhoe Afternoon heat A Passionflower falls In the pool Summer afternoon Baby and I discover The beauty of leaves Afternoon breeze Sound of the loom From the Weavers house Flash of lightning The dry creek Coked with rubbish gnats in a tizzy Older brother Takes the mound Sunlit, ravine! A rope bridge Over butterflies Milelong Jetty Tourists toss starfish In the sky Whale watching A distant cloud rains In the sea Sent outside While the old women talk Smell of sweetpeas Thunderclouds An aproned butcher Takes his lunchtime stroll Spring Mountain Wind A traveller rests On his hat Parents, quarrel Through the glassbottomed boat Another world Poppy Garden In and out of the flowers The child's red cap Storm brewing Our cat sphinxed out On the porch rail First summer rain The flower vendor Lenders on the porch Spring break The migrant child chases Willow fluff Mud wasp and I Live together Outdoor bath Stole bellies Grating the water We drink North Carolina The lush local dialect Of mockingbird song Waterfall A sad man's face In the bark of a laurel Pale green waves Jostle ashore in twilight The throb of bullfrogs Fern Uncurling The faintest breeze Dogwood's near the stream A blossom In our jelly jar The dark folds Of a greening mountain My sister's locked diary Mountain pass Each valley, a different shade Of spring My key Turns in the lock Lilac scent Spring morning The cable car bellringers [Rhythmic burst] Blue Violets The girl with Down's Syndrome Makes up a poem New litter of kittens The missing rung On the Hayloft ladder April, drizzle An UMp checks the lineups The sky Lace curtains The spin of sunlight From a bicycle Magnolia buds My onearmed neighbor Plants a tree First date Dogwood petals Before the leaves Amish country Their black and white clotheslines In spring Cherry blossoms The rookie pitcher puts on His game face Spring breeze I catch the tune She leaves behind The hiss of air From a rubber raft Summer twilight She hides I seek Fireflies Still, a few leaves Dog hair Painted into the wall First snowflakes A cat whisker In my hand Snowman One less carrot In the pot Cold morning The old horse gets up And goes to work Winter light Frying sugar and the canister That held dog biscuits Deep winter Not knowing for certain Where the garden is? Bare branch ridged with snow A chickadee Powders my face Falling leaves We both speak Of living wills Watching the waves? A stray dog settles Besides me Winter stars I learn to paint Enough spaces Cold morning The soap bar Share thin Snow Day Finding my first grade class In a drawer New Year's Eve Sending prayer slips With the EB tide Winter dusk A grandchild draws My weary smile Walking the dogs Over the snowy fields Orion First snow "Against my will The beauty Leaffall For a moment The cat, all kitten At the funeral His secret life White Chrysanthemum Memorial tablet Copper letters, push up Through the snow His Christmas package The icy steps Of the post office Frost Everywhere I look The milky way Town Tree Amongst the Christmas lights A crows nest Creed Moon The smooth curves Of her headstone Shortest day A sparrow chirps In the dark Nutcracker suite A star falls from The ballerina's hair Cold night The dashboard lights Of another car As I wait for you The light of Venus Through falling leaves College photos Out of the shoe box A dry apple core Fall leaves He tells me I've changed Autumn sun I follow the shadow With the limp Approaching winter The fragrance of herbs Under sweet straw Autumn, mist The honey locust Holding light Sweet grapes The conversation passes Between friends Shortening flames From the Blacksmith's coals Autumn sun Autumn's scent In the pile of leaves I take the dare Probable crop The pecan trees shadow Stippled in shells Late night A waitress repeats The list of pies? Heat lightning The skull of a deer In the tall grass A cloud of dust Behind the tractor Harvest Moon Rising Evening shadows White egrets fold In their tree Barn for sale Between the rafters A wedge of moon Historic cabin We nibble windfall apples On the rotten porch All souls A wasp returns To the lintel Autumn, dusk The hill gradually slopes Towards city din Smell of windfalls The whisper Of solitaire cards Old Armchair It's weight This autumn night Fall night, heavens The sound of our bath Draining Summer's end Loolleaf notebook snaps Echo in the hall Crisp blue sky The fir tip Rests a crow spawning salmon A bubble rises between The river stones Nameless stream I vaguely remember My father's face Autumn Wind The sidelong glance From a goose Early autumn park The perfect circles Of a little girl Autumn walk [Neagles] At the bottom Of the stream Autumn breeze A pine cone waddles Toward the shore [Windrows] The undulating whistle Of pigeon wings Indian summer A squirrel tips over The bag of rock salt Heat wave A spider pokes a leg From a curled leaf Summer's end Only dead grass Shows the circus was here The horse fly Attracted to my ear Strike three Withering garden Ladybugs neatly wrapped In spider silk Moonlight On a white cactus blossom End of summer Heat The smell of ozone Before a storm Litch! In the wildflowers Prisoners Day winding down The pink flick Of a lizard's tongue Summer drought Choosing where? To cross the creek Summer Moon Her eyelashes touch The telescope lens Garden path The same weeds In their country Rain on the horizon The inside of the nest Wretched smooth Low tide Rain wets The driftwood Peonies How earnestly we discuss? Last night's soap opera Cold tea In the tea cup No more to say Wisp of a cloud In a vast blue sky My thoughts exactly To the beat of rain The builder darkens With his wood Jellyfish dance Breathing in With a perfect stranger Their love Now, out in the open Night blooming, Jasmine Summer breeze Taking down the wind, Chimes You left? Rainy morning The old beggar, not there Outside the tea shop Playground Searching the hubbub For one voice Summer night The strawberry stain On a popsicle stick Wild Roses The iron trellis Tights to one side Origami We fold the map into A vacation Cool morning The smell of garlic bread Reaches the street boy [ tongue out] The boy guides a new airplane Round and round Bright morning The smell of geraniums On my fingers Looking up Rules of punctuation The Green Hills Lovein'themist A Persian carpet Wrived to warp threads A rainbow Horizon to Horizon The curved wings of gulls Tomorrow I leave Cones high In the old pine Spring morning A chained dog Solves in the dust Country Road No way home Without a detour Summer rain The back yard hole filled With tricycles Creek mouth Bathing the dog In sunset The ride Past the roadside fruit stand Spring solitude Late spring Lambs play In the slaughteryard Commute! Carpooling with The same fly First rain The smell as dust Changes to mud Country town A railway station Without tracks Redthroated finch song A hint of it in Beethovens [Rhythm and angles] No old habits The newborns Cry! Evening rain The screen door Covered with moths Bay shallows A starfish moves its fingers Over mine For the second time The mourning dovefeeding Without her, mate Spring Dawn One at a time The newborn's eyes open White handkerchief My mother shoos A cabbage moth Opening the window After lovemaking The Earth's fragrance Beached, Kelp We examine each other Life lines Winter evening A light is burning In the back of the house Winter Doldrums My landlady enumerates The perennials Winter silence Another armload Of junk mail Spring rain The crumpled obituary By my bed Mausoleum Just passing Through From the teahouse The smell of must Falled cherry leaves Falled leaves A line of snails In the bark fold Swollen stream My friend talks about The cancer Rain and wind In the circle of mourners One person smiling Monday morning Ant on the coffee cup Going in circles Summer morning Squeak Of the bicycle seat Chill wind! The heart of an oak Leaves the chimney appointment calendar A coffee ring joins One day to the next Another leaf drifts From the landmark oak Wren Song Turning tide The river goes From gray to blue Daybreak Birdsong glides From oak to elm My flight delayed He polishes the barware With a flourish Silence On Telegraph Hill A shooting star Sundown The mason jars Enough again Quasar? Only a great star That dies November sunset Now you can chat with All the stars Hotel window A thistledown blows in And out Late autumn And all the songbirds have gone The lilt in his voice Where, Snowflake? Becoming lakesafe beyond All accident Morning bells Through a crack in the shutter One bright star Sunset today More wintery, more solemn Than usual Catching the twinkle In frog eyes among the reeds Old Pond jumped in Fog Just the tree At the bus stop Hospice Garden He points out The last calla lily Fog Just the tree and I At the bus stop Windows filled with light At the home for the blind Christmas night Nursing a friend with aids I close the window "Against rain" Last flutter Of the butterfly In the mimes hand Jumping rope! The little girl and her shadow Touch, touch, touch touch End of a long day The bartender's feet Take the floorboards home Summer's end The weight of my body Out of the water High forest ridge Far from the sea A stone clam Art class I become A rose of Sharon Playground Every day, the apple tree Bends further Remembrance Day My insignificant wince At the misdirected poppy pin Long low bridge The perfect monotony Of the summer sea Indian summer A bag of green peppers Turning red White jerseys Spread across the hockey field Indian summer Pillow gathering I trust her With a secret Setting sun My mother picks The last tomato Bird calls The grass blade buzzes On my tongue Dust rising Down the old dirt road Summer twilight Heat wave A knife stuck Deep in the melon September sunset Crabs explore the skeleton Of a humpback whale Lilt in her voice The Mossagate colors In a sunlit wave Stifling heat A palm frond suggests There is a breeze Late summer rose The feeble twitches Of an orange beetle Summer reunion She ties a seaweed bracelet On her sister's wrist minus tide A child sings An ancient fishing song End of summer Coming home With the current and the tide Her aged veins The steady pulse Of crickets Carousel The grasshopper riding Anywhere? Summer clouds The river and I Enough to the sea Sultry day One green berry Among the red Lavender blooms Outside the sanctuary Late summer rain Children's carousel The way seasons come around Faster than before Midsummer day The wrong way On a oneway street Stepping stones A child finds a way Across the stream Thunder The Mustang's tail Beginns to sway Stormwater Roosters and Crows Answer the sky Deserted porch Crickets continue Our conversation Meditation over The crickets Still chirping Winding road Under the influence Of a strawberry moon Tough as we sound Our eyes On the fireflies A bowl Full of pear bruises Lending heat Evening breeze Something close to Mozart In the chimes Distinct stars Poplar fluff drifts Through the dark Dusky Lake Fisher's voices Sink into darkness Distinct thunder A shadow flickers On the locked shed Heat wave A spider's thread Across the frying pan Late supper The smell of tomato plants Under my fingernails Falled Sycamore The chess players move To another tree Now and then When my neighbour is away Blackberries Adirondack chair Falling madrona blossoms Tick on the deck Summer Sunset Shortly the magpie Rimmed with gold Fourth of July Not a breath of wind To stir the flag A little escape From the world and its affairs The scent of jasmine Warm day An inchworm stretches Beyond the leaf edge I tap the crystal Four waiters attentive to The greenleafed wind Loose hair The wind brings me An old song Bliss rain But you hope we can Still be friends Hazy Moon! The dog's third day On the cat's grave Early mist Feeling in my pocket For the stone Sweet peas The round eye Of a hummingbird Darkening sky A woman's song rises On the desert breeze White Camellia The coolness Of new sheets First light The space between? Mother and lamb Spring rain The soft click of marbles On the kitchen floor Morning shadows A colt's legs stroke Through long grass The warmth of May A pregnant woman Smiles to herself Spring downpour My little son teaches me To fold paper boats Whet back From Shearing Spring breeze Mating antics Of a hummingbird Wind on the lake Gala Garden Tour The overwhelming urge To yank, pokeberry Slow rain Losing myself in Birdbath circles Sheets of rain A calf huddles closer To the cowherd Redwing blackbird calls The dog tugs for Another scent The sun At its Zenith Goldfinch song Garden, Trellis A green snake loops In our small talk Quiet evening The wind has touched A lilac bush The dog takes a sniff Snow that didn't go With the first warm day A minute More daylight than yesterday Paperwhites Peering into The deep well two boys Talk about girls Morning, mist The swallows return To last year's nest Misty River The drone of the drawbridge Still in my ears Spring longing Following animal tracks As far as I can Drilling her jacket Home from school First, spring peepers From the mouths Of old stone frogs The sound of water Rain clouds A river frog's head Pops back down Lilacs in bloom A swallowtail crosses The double yellow line A squabble of Jays He shovels my bootprints Off the sidewalk Smell of matches We recall the movies That made us scared Frost Moon A dented nail head Catchs the light Roadside shrine A child blows out All the prayers Morning prayers A glass cathedral Reechoes vowels Fireplace, glow First signs of fraying In the caneback rocking chair Dark of the moon Turning the penny heads up For someone else Funeral march Watching their grief From behind Mountain Churchyard Even the rocks Malformed white First warm day The derelicts Yellow tie Redwood Grove Their arguing Hushed Storm clouds Water darkens Around the tea bag Peak hour traffic Under the harbour bridge A humpback slaps its tail Her latest worry? A raven lands On the one bare limb New boy in town Throwing snowballs At his own snowman Moonless night I read your letter By heart Drifting leaves The slow arc Of a wrecking ball Dappled sunlight Waiting to hear You're safely home icy mortuary steps Linen or muslin? For her shroud Third blizzard The untuned pianos Middle C Cutting out pictures From old calendars Autumn, drizzle Christmas at the mall The turkey steps forward With a clipboard? This year's candles In last year's wax Chanukah eve Ripe Persimmons Glazen with frost My soft red shawl Blue heron Standing at the edge Of the falls Something to it About taking your time Ripe Peaches Clouds building Paper snowflakes In the window December evening The smell of gingerbread In mother's hug Disturbance Wren Song The Brown River Slowed to green Shadows of blue hills Wild turkey's forage Among a clutch of old stones Country graveyard A Hummingbird She would've loved Rading with my son This is the autumn I fall behind Sparrows sift through The shopping carts Autumn, dusk Sunset A child's arrangement Of shells Full moon Playing statues Among the fireflies Country traffic The pickup's music Follows its dust Summer pajamas My grownup ways to dawdle Past bedtime Flute song Across baked terraces The clear air stippled Heatwave Nuns take turns At the drinking fountain Peach seeds An inch thick The heat Summer dusk Stuffs of grass In the dog dish Summer evening The man on the bridge Waves back to us Machu Picchu Face to face With a llama Goodwill store Trying on the swimsuit? That I gave away The very back Of the cat's mouth Sunday afternoon A slow stroll Through the general store Linging day Green water I silently join The Dolphins Twilight Storm The stones from low tide Still on my desk Rainwet sidewalk Each maple key leaves It's own signature Year of the rooster The wind chimes swivel Soundlessly Deep in the woods The mourning doves Deepering Moisterias The slap of a beaver tail At twilight Everywhere this morning Maple keys soaking in The gentle rain Just a little peek The underside Of Passion Flower Friday afternoon A farmer mows hay In zigzag patterns Filament slides Off my father's reel The faint current The humid night Ancient wood carvings Shift their gaze Her journey north She tells me of swallows Building mud nests March wind All the ducks at one end Of the pond Spring, dusk His phone call to tell me He won't get well The year's first turtle Slowing Still slowing Turtles back Covered with pollen This new pen Thoughts of her still A wasp nest dangles From an old maple Desert wash From nowhere, a frog And the first faint stars Apple blossoms My breathing Has been shallow Inspecting rose leaves For aphids in the way I now read Wading egret I try to walk A little slower The feel of blossoms On the back of my hand Spring, dusk Daffodil Hill A peacock's cry as we Dust our clothes Mother's Day Sale Pulling the red wagon? Filled with plants Last day of term Enoughing the backpack Of old lunches Rainstreaked windows How to paint? The finch's song Spring night Her moonlit zipper curves From throat to waist Morning halfmoon A mockingbird echoes The rooster After the teenagers leave The dishwasher And sparrow song The lightest rain A young squirrel springs out From under its tail In seat 12A She holds a vase of lilacs On her lap Slightly hope As I leave the house Magnolia Easter Egg Hunt The smell of onion grass On my son's breath Daffodil shoots All these years As an accountant Aged hands A caterpillar On her life line Dusk in the city The parking attendant sings With Pavarotti Torn ceiling blocks Near the finches nests Flutter and chatter New warmth The ruffled feathers Of the raven's throat Spring planting A redbird offers a seed To his mate First warm evening Grandpa mimics A swan Dandelion Seed Drifting through the lawn party Her perfume Afternoon sun The wake of a mallard Flickers on the birch Spring thaw Under the hemlock A handful of feathers First warm day Torn caution tape At the trailhead Another spring The nameless shoot Still nameless Spring rain Speaking of the dead In a softer voice Dinner alone The neighbour's cat comes round To do the dishes Amid plum blossoms My son and I Speak of recovery Spring thaw A new spider In the mailbox Arlington The tulips Wide open Spring chill I search for the phone number Of a missing friend Snowcovered bridge Following in My son's footsteps Dead, Calf A mother licks The wind Twoquilt night Creak of the firebox As we settle Slow rain A night Of seed dreams In one year Work life ends'drizzle' With the rainbow Drifting snow Lambs inside the barn Inside the ewes Snowed in Doing the Jigsaw Puzzle? Upside down Midnight breeze Through Magnolia branches A sigh escaping Winter's end The Dreamcatcher's Web Coated with dust Funeral day Still, I hesitate To open mom's purse Deep ridges In my fingernails Autumn rain Christmas Eve Bits of a price sticker Sticked to my finger Trespassing A swirl of leaves Around my ankles Starry night The queue for skates Moves slowly Midnight sun We leave our sauna quarrel In the icy lake Cold rain Slicks the caf tables Her lips at his ear A girl wandering In the yearend crowd Her white cane Dogwood Winter The waterfall plummets In a ring of ice On my face Snow that started falling Before the stars appeared Deep winter Where have I lost? The third hubcap Awks of gold Falled leaves hide Our childhood path Family reunion A tablecloth Pops in the wind Drifting leaves The Postman Stops to talk Unemployed Withered leaves, stop Besides me Soles tender "Against the gravel Starry night Persimmons The last kid drops From the monkey bars The wind that once Lifted your hair Here again today No letter today Fog takes away the bend In the road Evening sun The light and dark side Of each tree Moonlit clouds Over the native graveyard Our feet deep into moss Three kicks Starting it Autumn morning Broken clouds For a moment, he remembers The way home Family squabble Daddy, exhales On his glasses Indian summer The deadhead pruner Returns to her easel Midday Moon A deaf child caresses The Grand Piano Morning fog lifts [Lawwings guard] A fledgling Amongst grey stones Whistling kettle Summer postcards Still unanswered A blurred view Of the bulldozer Yellow leaves Sketching A birch leaf blows In my daughter's hair Handblown glass Cirrus, clouds, curve Around the moon Cicada, shell The boy demands to Change his name Nude Beach A man and a woman Collecting feathers? Turning heads The blackbirds One white feather Autumn Sunset Grandma's fingers stained With beet juice A shooting star The short grass [Tickles] My neck On every step Dead cicadas A day's list of things to do Park Path Just my thoughts leave The straight and narrow Cut grass I sweep away Summer's end Full moon Everything in its place In the kitchen Honkytonk bar A tomcat steps out In the night A sand ripple Just fits my arch Sunrise Hiking trail A path of sky through The bugeaten leaf Trails end The taste of wild onion Still sharp on my tongue The golden smoothness In a stem of wheat I take home the field Quiet Hillside Children climb one another In the trees Prairie stream What I know about mountains In these small stones Under us Water that roared In the waterfall Cicada song The sleeping bags Long zipper Evening light A loaf of bread On the cutting board Trellis of Roses Her being'photographed face' Opens Unemployed The uneven edge Of a quahog shell First, Violet My grandmother Every time Wildflowers Each of them A different me Late spring rain Their prize, Dahlias Eated by a cow Dental's chair Butterfly wings on the window Open and close White Lilies In a stoneware vase She speaks of her mother Father's Day Tooths missing From the pocket comb Trees barely green The latest graduates Sloop into line Spring sun Cedar waxwings fill The leafless plum Budding trees A stone, bird's eyes Went to the sky All day rain Easter egg dye In coffee mugs April shower She says her chalk flower has Grown a little Easter Sunday The hand on my shoulder Once reached up for mine First warm day A wheat penny lands Heads up Good Friday The Raven flies east With a chunk of bread Cherry blossoms I wear a little less [Rose] Drizzling sky A little girl drinks From her Mother's Cup Spring shower Her parasol opens To take him in Winter stars Diet sparkles On a birch branch Hind of spring The weeds picked For my hair Midday, thaw The blackbird's feathers Full of rainbows Furrow's curving Over the hill A line of crowtopped trees Through my earmuffs The sound Of a spring bird Late winter The night scented With noodles Almost spring Smell of a woman's hair In the elevator Birdsong An icicle drops In my shadow First spring day A blue heron works at An unruly feather Sunrise Tadpoles emerge From my shadow So set in my ways Winter window with A Potted, Geranium Sootdusted snow The shadow of my rebuke On the child's face Behind the locked gate More snow buries Thin gravestones Winter Garden The puppy unearths bones The lost dog buried Snow falling The same sound In all her shells January sales A clown's car steals My parking space Troubled by words I look away Moonlight on crusty snow Winter stars The Cats caterwaul Between junked cars Yesterday's snow The dog's path One way Giggles In Grandmas, Afghan Winter Moon Morning, sleet Someone at the bus stop Humming Winter morning The sound of Grandma Zipping her boots Scotch Mints The squeak of my walking stick In packed snow Sleet through bare trees A titmouse shows me A fiery black eye My brother's hello The chill of the wind On his jacket Fresh snow For the hands For the face Snowy day Nothing ordinary About an orange The Birch Trouts Sheen Moves when I do Winter solitude Spirituation 'Melterns and bare trees' Blend Her empty bed Night rain On fallen leaves Windbent grasses We bow to each other Goose and I Chill evening All the nuts Are almonds? Taking a bite From the wild apple Old old memories New Year's Eve Rain becomes hail Becoming silence New Year's Day We both feel the kick Inside her Autumn downpour A tow truck pulling Another Grandpas, dead The call of wild geese Splendly heard Unpacking a new home Do whales strand themselves? In this bay Winter stillness The bed starts Purring Winter morning The outline of the city On venetian blinds Sun on my back All the flower pots Arranged just so There they are In the Bonsai exhibit Pot of weeds Autumn Sunrise A muskrat grooms the dew In its coat Trail of leaves The child's plastic rake Missing teeth Indian summer Small boys run naked On the tide line Petting farm First, the children Chase the geese Her birthday I count the rosebuds Left on the bush Red Maple leaves Dispared on Moss The sound of falling water Breezy afternoon Children chasing children Channing leaves Wind in the reeds My daughter speaks About forgiveness Late summer Blue Jay's not answering A crow Hay Baler In its wake, a swathe Of cricket song Crickets droning The tennis ball covered With slobber Disturbant Stadium cheers A black branch releases A drop of dew Morning sun Field too small For the horse's shadow Dusk Father and son Scything the meadow Cool, dusk Our hands busy, husking Fresh corn Warm night A soda machine rejects My coin Bedtime Fruit flies linger After the fruit End of summer Only a breeze In the butterfly net 3rd day of guests The soup pot Blows its lid Sand dollar The morning's first set Of footprints Camera shoot Seafroth clings To her cleavage Bing the Greyhound? One seat left On the ocean side Slightly downpour The lizard takes its shadow In a wall hole Stormwater White Pigeon's stroll The manofwars deck Beach shack A garden Of shells Windswept dunes The road map flaps On the scorching hood Rearview Mirror Dark clouds gathering In a twister StaLactites The howls of children? Echoing back 'Sale now The drakes wash At both banks Tall pines I'll never be ready To go home Sweet peas Pulling the color From the sky Crowds At the meat market Incense, mingles Intermission Sharing an awning? With the rain Bush Trail The astonishing colour Of jellybeans Drifting seed fluff The rented horse Knows an hour's worth Venetian vase The glass blower pauses To admire a cloud Chinese opera Her voice inside My teacup Deep thunder A blue tail skink Slips under the door Clear whistle Of the whitethroated sparrow Evening star Half moon Something slips into the pond Besides me River Rock The folded wings Of a damselfly Stone Causeway The creek's summer flow Rearranging pebbles Silent woods A growing awareness of The need to breathe Mother and daughter Each in her own thoughts Fireflies Waking In the fetal position The rivers, hum Waterfall View Soba noodles slipping From my chopsticks noon heat A swallow just ahead Of its shadow Wind upriver Undersides of cottonwood leaves Rippling silver Shaker Village The clarity Of birdsong Drifting clouds The exam hall Bright, sometimes Small window And a bird too fast To name Rose thorns The soft whirl Of a spinning wheel Hot night Ries And midriffs First light Broken blue shells Under the maple Spring Bird Song A girl comes first To the peephole The tinkling Of recycled glass Spring, drizzle Fourth of July fireworks Girls with long pigtails Jump, doubledutch! Record heat A moth the color of heather On the heather Gonesome embers I tell her a story She already knows New Year's Day A finch's weight Turns the pinwheel Nearly spring The refrigerator magnet Losing its grip Pausing Hiding through a life With Chrysanthemums Snow sparkles In the arroyo ' The old wind chimes In the basement for winter Tinkle from my sigh Treefiltered moon The night wind In a leafpile Gone then? Cherry petals fall away In the rain Her gentle passing A Robin flock settles On the front porch This is how life is Hearing the cricket at dawn Just as it ceases If someone should ask Tell them she loved Ginger, snaps and tea A ripple Reaches the Pond's edge Daffodils Warm hand, held tightly Dream of a maple seedling Ready for planting Her last breath The strings vibrating On her dusty harp News of her death Winter Moon descending Beyond the trees She is gone The soft call Of a mourning dove Raining I discuss tomorrow With falling petals No night, clouds Just the numbing news Of her crossing over Quiet, arroyo The song borne somewhere else By wind Moonless The rainmuffled cries Of returning Geese I pause Half up the stair Because she has paused Before tonight's frost Bringing in a crickets song With the geraniums A new day How to translate? This talk of Crows Field of Wild Iris The Pinto Pony Kicks up his heels Simmering beneath the glaze Blue brush strokes On the Chinese ginger jar The meadowlark Holding down the fencepost? With song Too early awake But this mockingbird This moon [ glissandos] Rippling from the strings Wind from the sea Deep in this world Of monet water lilies No sound Spring morning The raven goes Where the wind went? Pausing Half up the stair White Chrysanthemums The cold A stranger At my parent's grave Frozen rain The yellow umbrella Of a hotdog stand A friend's house Closing loneliness With my coat 'Salely' Hugging Warm laundry Winter afternoon Millions of points At pinball New Year's Eve She teaches me How to breathe? Cold morning rain All the swoosh is gone From the fallen leaves Bus stop The winter dance Of cold feet What the raven? Has to say about them? Snow clouds Frosty morning An old man boxes His shadow Tooth marks In the sharp cheddar The long night New Year's Day The Sycamores Unfinished shadow Winter Dawn Waiting for the school bus Kids pretend to smoke First snow The congregation of birds Suddenly, bolder [ Taps] A snowflake melts On her dimple Late November I miss another visit To the nursing home Slender moon! Locking the door? For the last time Pearl Harbor Day The back yard fence steams In the morning sun Every one Of her Xmas cookies The same snowflake "Dream Road" Ahead and behind Falling leaves Autumn Elms Under her arm A folded star Moonlight Reducing the city To ruins Christmas Eve On the hairdresser's face A hint of tears Bowing One last time Frozen grass [Sickle Moon] An exit ramp bends Through black ice All Saints Day Beams of a lighthouse Scrub through the rain Morning dew I trace my sons Lifeline Autumn, melancholy She snaps a picture Of the flamered Zinnia This great to be alive How to say this? To the scarecrow Harvest Moon The long pull Of faraway children St Francis's feast A fly crawls across The communion wafers Concession speech The dog waits patiently On the porch Thanksgiving, Mass A shaky hand offers me The chalice Thanksgiving The flower vendor Counts his roses Thanksgiving The two of us And a salmon Smell of the river In some of the laundry Indian summer Autumn, drizzle A grove of maple trees Lights the way home Morning, glories What is left? Of the rain Again and again To the tip of the rod Red Dragonfly Black clouds part A moon so full I could howl Women's refuge New light finds the blue In painted glass Fall migration The park duck waddles Back to the pond Stillness After the storm Furled, hibiscus Autumn hike Slowly, we descend the mountain In evening Graffition Sharper By moonlight Shiny red apples The painter introduces A caterpillar Summer ending The wind and my songs Going their several ways Temple procession So many gods Under one moon Steering tilted By the maple's roots [Screen City Stars] Cool morning Slide of a coat hanger Across the rail noon sun Cane cutters Sing of tomorrow If only's What ifs? Twilight Autumn Night The moon at the window Of the Space Museum Hangover! A cat eats grass Along the driveway Morning sunshine From a brokendown house A burst of laughter Wind in the pines Never have I dreamed Of sleeping alone Out of hospital The summer grasses Up to my chin Rose Garden I've forgotten which one Is called peace? Summer night A baby changed On the hood of a chevy No moon On my knees, I promise her A glowworm Sleeping alone? I begin to learn The cricket's song Their hands lightly touch At the nursing home picnic A raindrop or two Another wish Puffballs, ripe For the wind [Laughter] In a foreign tongue Summer stars Shooting star Conversation halts Around the campfire Evening star Fold upon fold The quiet blue hills Day at the zoo The Elephant's Shadow In a small place Sunshine on the canal An old nun stops To empty her shoes Outdoor caf The dog takes interest In my interest Cool, dusk The tide finds The sandcastle Early summer The children's list Of what they'll bring Dry season Rock paintings By a vanished people August afternoon Behind the poetry books A dry apple core New paperback The sun sets Without me Bright stars Campfire coffee Full of grounds Two willows Each it's own way With the wind Brilliant sunlight Blue Lobelia Through a clearwings blur Distinct thunder A bumble bee hums In the morning glory Tax day A batterypowered breeze Stirs the desk, Chimes The muddy river A few egrets Mark, it's edge Spring breeze I teach my granddaughter Hopscotch Lilac's overgrown With honeysuckle The dooryard loses its way After the storm The blue Blue Lobelia Sealing dad's niche One flowered umbrella Among the black ones Lightning In a chestnut shell The evening rain Snow melting The field overflows With Robins Snowmelt Down the arroyo Her laughter Easter sunrise Gun Towers overshadow The prison graveyard Memorial Day A flagwaving lad seeking His father's white cross Foggy Dawn Light threads through The mockingbirds call Misty morning For as far as I can hear Tree frogs Cold wind Our conversation fills With plum blossom Weeping Cherry My husband is somewhere In snow country End of daylight savings The orange pills Cut in half Spring grass I tell the calf I'm a vegetarian The final push Of a laboring bison Slowrising sun Dusting of snow All the lights on In the daycare A leafless tree Suddenly my father Comes to mind Snowlit night The bedroom window Whistlers a tune Sleepless night Snow to rain By the sound of it Winter evening The newborn calf Eyes, everybody First snow The smile Of a stranger Locust pods In a raw wind Thinking it over? Crash of winter waves Cries of the Golden Finch Shut in its cage Waiting for the heron To turn my way Winter rain So suddenly winter? Baby teeth at the bottom Of the button jar Mountain Moonrise The sound I didn't know I had in me Christmas far from home The odor of hay and manure From an open barn Handshake Our sleeves touched By the autumn wind Drifting Hawk Soccer players surge Down the field My solitary life A path worn around The lotus pond Night winds Rake the pond leaves Wobbly moon So suddenly winter? The colors In her pill box A stiffness in the joints Shrunken tomatoes Packed in the turnrow Rain so heavy It calms the water Autumn evening Cold drizzle One of the sparrows Sits apart Frosted windows My weight Still on the gym scale Pond ice The fixed eyes Of the decoy Deep in the forest Deep in the night Cuckoo Vs of Geese I look where everyone else Is looking? Halloween snow The yetis Tiny footprints Indian summer We ride around town Just to be riding That butterfly I thought was a dead leaf Indian summer My eye, my mind Led into the woods By the red sumac Half moon The white cat vanishes In shadow Pink cosmos My divorced friend Learns to salsa Full moon Shadows ripple through The field of catnip A wild rose Inside the caterpillar's tent Ocean Sunrise Giving sound To the submerged stone wall My new kayak "Faultline" Wild eyes of the horses As we cross Talk of peace A fly in the sugar bowl Missing one leg [whispers] On a sultry night Salsa music Day Moon Wind sculpts ripples On the dunes Thunder The old windmill Needing grease? Sunday The chorus of sparrows In a church maple Fightworks display Missing His oohs and ahhs Lowcountry Creek The flow of Spanish moss From an ospreys, talons Snowstorm over My grandson puts a seed In my hand Morning walk Nothing for the stone fence To stop Without his wife Throwing old bread? To the sparrows Passing clouds? The scent of wild thyme On my fingers Red Ribbon On a sweatlodge pole Dying sunset Fiddleheads In the chill breeze My fingers curl inwards Smell of blossoms Her house at the end Of the avenue Wiped gravestone The weight Of a butterfly Cloud shadows An eagle picks over What the tide left? Twilight The brush of dune grass Across bare shins First snow A drift of cattle "Against the fenceline" The cat and I Walk together All the fallen leaves Woodstove's glow The scent of oranges Sturdded with cloves (Washwings) Exchange rose hips Christmas morning A red flush On the Amyllis Bud New Year's Eve Falling leaves A street person Adjusts her bundles Echo of an axe Wood smoke holds In the hollow letting out the dog In the chill of dawn The drifting stars Along the railing Hollows in the snow Where sparrows sat? Early morning snow The janitor shaves At a barbershop sink A salmon leaps Grandpa starts to sing With a brogue First dance The moon In her hair Winter rain Pigeons under a bridge Folding in for the night The hambone Sticks out from the soup Last Geese Year's end The median strip vanishes In a curve Wolves gnawing At my dream Singing bowls New Year's Morning The circles Of a toy train Winter Doldrums My own footprints lead me In the woods December seventh From the ship's bell icicles Year's end Wellworn pages Of the psalms Awaken at dawn A snow mantle muffles The cocks crow Sitting alone How slowly the? icicles melt One mallard Drifts on the satin lake My mind smooths out Thunder The plover lower On her eggs A molting peacock Solved on the gatepost Dog days Train delay All the ripe blackberries Beyond reach Stepping stones Across a swollen stream The milky way Flowers for his grave The morning moon A full circle Garden clearout [ snails] Cling To the wheelbarrow Dreary day My neighbor takes down The Hummingbird feeder Starry, Starry Night Unfinished art school paintings In the dumpster Row of silver oaks The first touch of frost In my hair Rising mist A heron breaks The surface calm Power failure The mockingbird Keeps on singing Early spring warmth The cleaning lady shows me Her first tattoo? Bonsai Hall We lower Our voices Quiet morning The Garden snail's nibble Young Radishes Kingfisher A scent of willow hangs In the air Morning, Hague At the foot of the hill Forsythia Glass Harmonica A chickadee listens From the windowsill Conversation over I touch a petal Real blossoms Our boat drifts Under the bridge Nesting cormorants A willowtip Touches the water Sunrings Cold evening The smell of chili beans? And cornbread Winter night The moon absorbed By her nightgown Moonlit beach The white teeth On a cowrie shell Fresh breeze The weather'vane turning' With the gulls Butchering a rabbit Cold rain On my hat Snow after shakespeare A child asks Is it true? Slowly, she brushes Her long black hair Snow still falling Valentine's Day Eiders displaying Just offshore Your letter All of the bananas Too green to eat Eviction notice A moth ricochets In the lampshade One seed At a time Winter finch The slant of sleet Redwing's riding Withered reeds Afternoon Moon Puddles on the ice About to freeze Treeswaying wind Echoes in the air ducts The Afghan grows Dignity snowfall The different stories Of father's youth Morning, rush hour My ankles wrapped With yellow leaves Call from the hospital A leaf caught in my wiper Leaves a streak Funeral over People and leaves scatter In the wind Winter afternoon Finding the needle With my finger Faded totem pole The frog's mouth Filled with snow Low tide Stones that have dried Among those that haven't Winter dusk The bare shoulders Of the prostitute Starry night A does breath Freezed on her fawn Millet Seeds Sticking to the Cardinals beak Winter rain Garden sundial From nine to noon Removed snow Graveside, Kaddish The weight of the stone In my hand Sea Cliff Fledgling gannets Face the wind Widows Cottage rosemary edges closer To the door Almost spring Humming the notes Of a Bird's Song April burial The weeping mother, neatens Her son's perfect hair Her first fossil The curve of the creek In springtime Spring rain A bruise on my arm From donating blood Morning, mist A bridge spanning An invisible lake Snow warning The bend in the hemlock Furrows her brow New Year's Eve Looking for my sign Among the stars Spiked milk Nothing more Pours out Rain all day Behind the bead curtain Her smile February Storm My ratty blue volvo Under plum petals First snow Today, I'll wash The dishes by hand A puff of fog Floats over the falls New Year's Dawn Winter seclusion We cover the fridge With children's drawings Valentine's Day A cyclist signals With a longstem rose Rainy day My mother singing An old love song Deadfall Pine The beetle does A head stand Sleeping bag The distance between me And the nearest star Oak leaves Curled almost shut The clocks turned back Frost on the windows The crescent moons Sharp points Blue frost A man on the train With too much to carry Summer night The soft bottom Of a farm pond Sunday morning Nothing comes or goes But the fog Corn stubble Rippling ribbons Of blackbirds Hurricane Alert A sudden urge to visit His grave Falling leaves The street preacher Quickens his cadence Summer lightning At the crack of dawn The Temple Conch Mare's tail clouds Great aunt pointing out Where stores used to be High desert sun The field of poppies Shining back Afternoon tea Wind, Chinese mingle With the rivers sound Sultry night The breeze from a fan Stirs up the gossip Kudzu greening The iron gate posts A bucks, velvet antlers Summer pasture A calf licks dew From the cattle gate Midday heat The sheen of fish scales On the pier Last color Left in the sky A flicker's call Aftershock The music box takes up Where it left off? Spring again A taste of rust In the harmonica Spring morning The freshly painted name On the overpass A fallen leaf Rocks back and forth The size of an ant Tidal Creek Slowing my pulse The Blue Heron's Flight Funeral day A black ribbon binds The wind chimes Goldfinch On the topmost Birch branch Sunrise Manhattan skyline I gather eggshaped stones By the river Day labourers Gathered at the goodwill The dripping awning Coasted Flatland Umbrellas, color A cemetery Dad's tie Slips from my neck Bearded, Iris Sundance Through a snail shell And the snail I turn the radio lower Lower The summer stars No wind today The Cottonwoods speak In Chicago Bluesky rain Among countless geese The Tundra Swan First blossoms My cell phone Set to vibrate Spring thaw The tracks below Tracks in the snow The river bubbles Between steppingstones An upturned duck March winds A man with a combover Changes direction Valentine's Day The cat leaves a hairball On my pillow First warm day The pulse of the honeybees Abdominal Spike year The frog Just sits there Spring, mist The baby, Hippo Fills the puddle Spring, dusk The cat's tail Off on a hunt Finding Orion? How moonlight shines? In my daughter's hair Where he drowned The broad backs Of catfish Tending Her grave for spring Tending my soul Wind chill Walking backward Forget home News of her cancer The radiance Of paperwhites Lantern Moon I guide Mother's Steps Around the duck pond One purple finch The tick of sunflower husks On first frost Bone cold The lights from shore Lost to fog Lost I watch A falling leaf Springlike day The cat grapples With a catnip bird Late summer The water In one ear Ikebana The space Where the Lily was Moonrise Over Marshlands The hissing geese Full moon Shadow on shadow Of prickly pears Her grave The names of flowers Escape me Rainsoaked turf Echo of a gull's cry Blus against the hill A final bulb The warmth of garden soil Just after sunset Standing naked In the moonlight The taste of a nashi pear Cemetery The scent of Muskmelon From the next hill Hopscotch Grid [Screenly] visible First stars White water A salmon ignores The fish ladder Peaceful afternoon Nicking Moonflower Seeds With a pocketknife Dry heat A hawk corkscrews The sky Sunset Smoke from a fire Beyond the hill Rumble of the sea "Against the Headlands" A fray in my cuff Curtains flutter The shadows of birds Rising in waves Enough cowshed A little bird drinks Water from the pail Just alive Enough for flickers The old cottonwood Dusk moon A child's ball, Bobs On the EB tide Cousteau Museum On the exotic fish Our family's grin First warm day A hermit, Thrush Pumps its tail Spring Festival Sundance haloes The baby's hair Halfblown, dandelion My neighbor's daughter Moves back in Grab of the unknown Bird shadows In sudden flight Wet road A shepherd watching me Slow down Dispatched sun One chickadee louder Than the rest A child bride Bows her head The whitest peony Nowhere else But the next flower Afternoon Butterfly Before after Paying respects A smoker in the rain Tripod holes In the creekside mud Yosemite, Dawn City Heat The grocer spritzes his greens And little girls I am the age My father never was Spring planting Birdsong My imaginary lover Lively again Daylight savings The glimmer of a penny In the sand First star A tiny crab climbs out Of the sand castle The mourning doves head Turns backward so easily Cool of the evening The old magnolia A Southern drawl To my death poem Deep night sky The car radio Between stations Spring fever A new notch On the Tomcats ear Incoming tide A hermit crab wanders Among empty shells Spring, dusk A black sheep Joins the flock His passing The whiteness of sheets Filled by the breeze [Screen Stars] I wonder what yu chang? Is doing tonight? Long sermon Snow gathers On the windowsill February thaw Goose droppings, slip In the pond A long moment Before I recognize myself Spring, puddle First light The wideawake hats In the lettuce field Seuss's birthday A dad and two lads plant A plant in a planter Winter Beach Tire tracks, turn back On themselves Plum petals Do they cross her path too? In March winds Growing season The orchard flooded With Moonlight Spring, equinox The sun shines through An onion skin Spring's light green I can smile Without wanting anything Dwarf The sound of the cat grooming Wakes me "Chatribe" The orange tree drops It's scent Starlit night Coolness settles In my shoes Morning fog A dark pine shape She'ds its crows Leaves on the river Too old to call myself Orphan Insomnia The cat Kneads my hair Apple's picked And the casket chosen Linging sunset Shooting star The young girl wishes For a white horse Autumn rain Having just said I love you In a phone Still wanting To flythese feathers Of the dead owl The heat Two old men argue Over a parking space Slow drift of the river Splashes of sunlight From a Moore's back [whispers] The Hummingbird's tongue (Raspse) The nectar Roadhouse A patched screen door Squeaks us through Thieve's moon Salt on tomatoes From the neighbors vine Third inning A shot over the wall Rakes a dove A skull, no bigger Than my thumbnail Jasmine in bloom [Champaquiddick] A water strider Crosses the pond Alder stump An inch worm arches across 1984 Despite everything Her dog wags its tail When we meet Wandering Where there is no path A flicker's salmon'pink tail Father's Day The height Of the lighthouse Making plans Conch, she'll pressed To my ear River breeze The faint clang of a ringer On the other bank Sunlit Creek My discarded walking stick Passes me A new neighbor The feel of sand On a smooth shell A surfer's sea My footprint's deep In the sand Children running The aged nuns wimple Flukes in the wind Iced tea The scent of lemon grass From her scarf Starlit sky I touch a turtle Before it enters the sea Listening to The ocean's history Spring sunset Wet feet From the same rain The elevator stops at our floor Mother's Day The clown paints sequined kisses On her cheek Worrying cabbage A slum child watches clouds Dew away Cobwebs The smile on Buddhas face Overnight rain The scent of orange blossoms In a desert town Backpacking trip Finding myself Without a mirror Signs in braille Name the scents Herb garden Boyhood, summer The hang time Of watermelon seeds Storm warning The watercolorist works In shades of grey Highway work A Marmot whistles At the crew Delicate nest If only paper wasps We're fireflies Spring, equinox A summons For jury duty Blackbird song The old cat retches On the threshold My finger draws A furrow in the loam Unlabeled seeds Easterside Passing fields Of numbered lambs Spring evening The mouse comes up Through the floorboards Tax audit Droughts in damp grass From the mower's wheels Bliss rain Grandfather's first day In the retirement home Spring wind He pedals Faster Bluffs Talk of bringing back The draft Insomnia Turning the page To Birdsong [whispers] Of ancient watersong The Red Planet Rushing Creek This flat rock Grows uncomfortable Pond Pagoda The goose twines wild grasses Around herself Snow melt The tiny dot Of a mountain goat Morning pitch Of my grandmother's voice Spring wind Mountain stream The steady flow Of autumn leaves Daylight savings Moon Spiders Stride Across the lagoon Morning stillness Piano,black reflecting Parrotgreen Plum blossoms My dog follows A different scent Swift clouds Wind in the cup Of my hand Great blue heron But the stillness After love midnight At the railway crossing Last kiss of summer Early morning The spent lily Falls apart Family photo The barn Needs a coat of paint Forever diminishing Our view of the sunset The loss of the pine Night rain No space Between us Moonlight The white peonies All to myself Hands in prayer The Carpenter has one Shorter finger Autumn clouds A dove keeps calling Lou's dead, dead dead Dusk A leaf's long fall Through cicada cries Moonless night The first click Of a shark reel Fragments of a dream Starfish left behind By the flood Seabirds The wind lifts My daughter's hair A greengrocer Lays out her bok choy Scales of the dragon Dying light A small boy hurls rocks At the surf Ocean Sunrise We flip shells With our toes Ocean swells Cows on a headland Nashs illuminated Oceans roar All the beachgoers On their backs Funeral I still remember My first swim Wild Pond Step by step, a turtle Meets the heat The heat Two boys take it Outside Letter from Iraq A birdsong spelled Phonetically Pear blossoms The farmer's wife Selects a chicken Such heat The weight Of the cat's breath Storm front A splinter of obsidian Between my fingers Longening shadows A stray dog Joins the picnic Beach stones The sun's warmth Fills my hand Twilight A yellow canoe Drifts across the bay Sultry day The time it takes To detach a tick Class reunion Everybody loved My wife Reunion photo My long shadow Joins the family Harbor Sunset Lover's stroll In reflected light Snap of a twig The egret's neck [Ends ] Tipping back My whiskey glass The moon Lower and higher Higher, but not sure First, spring peeper An iv tube Caught in sunlight Daffodils Spring fever Mule ears, Gee and Haw Above the pickups, slats Passing laundry? Between a flutter of sheets Bob Bob White Making way For the power lines A divided maple The smell Of rootbearing earth These restless hands Rustle of wind Among the Rhododendrons Featherfluffing wren Just as I decide What kind of bird it is? It's call Sweltering day Little grasshoppers jump Ahead of the scythe Midday, hush The rasp of a mallard Calling his mate A heartshaped pebble If you hold it, just right Our first days apart Winter rain Who am I? To the cat Darkening sky Snowflakes soundless "Against the garden, chime Winter evening My newly divorced friend Hogs the cat A magnolia leaf Falls between us Tenor, sax Restless pigeons Gentle words from a clerk Bring a hint of tears Dead Hammer! My son invents A religion Cold winter night The scent from fireplaces All the way home Lunar eclipse The primal beat of techno From a passing car Last kiss The smell of hay In her hair Pleiades at dawn His hand comes to rest On the small of my back Long train journey A man brings on The smell of autumn New moon The possums posthumous Grin Raindrops Snaking down the pine bark His rough hands Meteor shower Digging my toes deeper In the sand Morning train A few notes of birdsong Through the closing door Home For Dad's funeral Not the same quiet in the kitchen New patterns On the wallpaper Autumn Dawn Lending fog A tent caterpillar Drops out Sagging Cedar rail Wind works its way Through the bluestem Gathering heat My throat No longer firm Deadlines An ice cream truck's song In the distance Gettysburg Traffic backed up To the interstate Campfire Circle A friend's back Leans against mine Above the cries of Hey, batter batter A meadowlark songwriters, lunchbreak A dishrag muffles The windchimes Swelter! A cat watches traffic From the long grass Summer grasses The Lakota sings Of a white buffalo First, firefly My wife and I share Our fortunes Cloudless sky The baaing Of penned sheep Hermit, Thrush Knowing when it's time For me to go 17year cicadas The persistent itching Of my stitches Midsummers, eve Even the terrifying mongrel Decorated with flowers Silence after thunder A damselflys Still wings Morning light Each cattle egret Selects its cow My daughter skips off In a drying clam shell A color I couldn't name Summer vacation The bumpy ride Back home Evening thunder Magpies scold something At the windmill Camping campgrounds A snail shell In our spot Honeymoon The undertow pulls the sand From beneath my foot Map unfolded An earwig scurries From main roads The mother, Quail Keeps calling her lost chick Summer twilight First light My brow breaking A strand of web Hard paddling The wind Dries my teeth Sunwarmed patio The bird with one foot Bellies down His small, please A burial procession For the fish Resting heat The frayed edge Of a salesman's tie Summer solstice Insect eggs swell In the alder leaves Harrest sun A child watches fishermen Club Eels Summer solstice The bright spaces between Long tree shadows A quiet afternoon The pinwheel twirls Only halfway Boys play past dusk The smell of water From a garden, hose Black Pond Stomaching snowflakes A goose dips her beak Ice melted She reads "Garcia Marquez" Under a cat Spring wind The sprinter dashes The other way The evening star Our flowerviewing faces Begin to change Twilit City Creek pebbles In my shoe Silent spring A Cooper's Hawk [Strolling] The bushes Bilingual children Honey, bees move In the bird house Cloudless sky In Mayan, nine words For the color blue Steel band at twilight A single file of ducklings Crosses the bay Night heat The rising scent Of mosquito repellant Bird, call insect Who is it wakes me? In the deepest dark Morning fog A carpenter calls For a 2 x 4 Leaves turning The toboggan hanging In the dark garage Ebb tide The other tracks in the sand Also mine Clothesline Ballet tights frozen In fifth position Halfempty bed I try to recall His faults An early chill The toolshed door Lonelys on its latch One maple leaf End over end on the sand Without a trace Gliding Hawk Balancing the light On stiffened wings Quitting time Snowflakes blend With the crowd Heather in bloom Between wind gusts The sound of my pen Country store Two oldtimers, Whittle Over world affairs First day of school The line of children At the pencil sharpener Autumn sun The comfort Of old blue jeans Thinning bones [craters darken] The Harvest Moon Rain today A foot tapping Of its own accord Summer's end A flatbed's loose chain Strolls down the road 17 years How carelessly she flicks off? The Cicada Last of the sunlight Cows bounding Downhill A keeper moon The old fisherman Let's out more line Weathered Bridge Everything but the moon Drifting downstream Pink sky A woman sings To her laundry Ferve, bull A little bird On the hump Wild flowers I brush mosquitoes From the camera lens Lending heat The actress I had a crush on In playboy A gray cubicle Cicada songs Through a speaker phone Evening crickets Star by star The dipper appears Moonlit pasture My shadow [Churps] Midsummer sun Faced the mountain I'll never climb Plow of coolness The piebald mare and I Slide apart in the creek Too hot to move The crickets Cricket Fireflies My son writes his name With a sparkler Tonight's stars The stiltwalker talks about His youth Evensong From the flooded field A fullthroated frog Thunderhead A plume of smoke From the old salt's mouth Summer solstice The measuring tape reels back In its case A Hawks shrill Above the sunlit meadow Enough mailbox Between a rock And a hard place The oncologists fish Singing gondolier The passengers Fixed smiles The long day A Mason drizzles mortar Between flagstones Berlin Wall A smooth stone In my pocket Doctor's waiting room Each patient examined By a fly Still alive A distant neighbors Summerblooming maple Snow glare The scent of lotion On a pair of sunglasses Hazy Dawn A skunk's white stripe Blends with the daisies Chinese new year Daring to call my sister A monkey Miles of beach The sudden urge To run Walking off anger Johnnyjumpups Exactly midpath Almost spring (Numberprints) On every window Sunbeams The toddler sticks his finger In a daffodil Sea mist burning off A sandpiper glides by On blurred legs Formal garden Dogtoothed violets Lool on the lawn Yesterday's rain Another butterfly changes The size of the blossom Autumn colors Seeping into the mist Water down my collar Funeral day His old umbrella Won't open Winter twilight An arc of Crows Echoes the mountain Dwindling fire Our conversation shifts To death Midnight stars The kitten warm In my sweater Chapel in the rain The lift of white doves "Against blackened stones" Winter twilight The shadowed hill Beyond the hill Her placenta Undercover an oak sapling First star Prison vigil Cold gusts keep blowing out The candles All the frogs In the Snakes Aquarium Staring at the sun The downpour ends Much discussion inside The Balsam Fir Remixes A hillside Of Kudzu Back to school The bitter end Of the cucumber Family album The cherry branches in bloom Now, Bare The sheep too We're always here Standing stones Evening star The skiffs wake whispers In the reeds Still some song In the four strings left Summer's end Sabbath morning The transfigured face Of the shapednote singer The day after The family reunion Visiting graves "Emergency season" The moth orchid Beginns to flutter Hot afternoon The squeak of my hands On my daughter's coffin Eyes closed While listening to her poem The summer wind First, frost The thrush brings a snail To the anvil stone Winter rain The shape of shoulder blades Through her, Shawl Home from vacation Houseflies find The open door A new school year One long blast Of the bus driver's horn Fall migration Streits of purple loosestrife Through the Marsh Evening glories Should I complain about my life? Like hisajo She lets go of my hand The stars Without a constellation Family reunion Patches of fog On the horizon Dwarf's end A boatman's song starts The wadi babbling Fossile stone Skipping it The same Graveside My father and I Find common ground Almost soundless The slowing stream Heavy with autumn Harvest time Watermelons tossed Man to man Farmers market The snap of a green bean Over traffic noise New moon One white chick strays From the broody hen Sultry day Peaches packed at the bottom Of the grocery bag Bright, estuary The red jellyfish float in With the tide Labor Day The plowboy pauses For a photo No crop this season The deep wrinkles In his neck Roadside stand The cold skin Of the last pear End of vacation Palmetto, husk dolls With slanted smiles War news An old peasant talks to The Persimmon Tree Soft rain An earthworm Stretches its pink Silvered leaves The sound of a jet Inside the rain Just long enough To leave an impression Dragonfly Reception Letter I walk at dawn Past barking dogs Blazing heat A homeless woman Wishes me a good day Summer morning The mockingbird sings A song from my youth The damp pavement Around each puddle Summer dusk Moonless night A ladybug husk Down the drain Blue Sky Morning Scanning a cobweb Off the clothesline Cliff Dust Cigardas saw Through the heat Winter Doldrums Up to her elbows In potting soil Broken iris Every vase Looks wrong Smell of lilacs The chalk ledge full Of small pieces Moisterias The slap of feet In the dojo Meditation A hickory nut Hits the skylight Snowcaps Clouds of breath Above the herd Sunshine Through the rivers, haze White butterflies Alley windows WASHING and gossip Pass back and forth A spider crawls From the Bonsai pot Cello notes A new day How to translate? This talk of Crows Ocean fog The mumble of eiders Gathered offshore Applepicking Day The faded pattern Of Grandmas blouse All souls day A child tries to catch The falling leaves Near dark The Grand Hotel drips Long after the rain Long winter Prayer bundles sway In the cedars Foggy morning Tipping his hat To the scarecrow Autumn, dusk A girl with pigtails milking The black angus Wind and rain The candles smoky flicker As we speak of ghosts A solitary night This quiet communion With fireplace flames Field of gravestones Not one tree to block The sweeping wind Sunset Moon She pops seafroth bubbles With her lips After the burial My eyes on the shadows Of everything One of the stumps Turns in the fire All hallows, Eve Autumn morning A retiree watches The oneway cars War Memorial They have stopped Cutting the grass Creed Moon Would I look at the clouds? Without it No hesitation After the storm Cigardas Flapping from the pond A V takes shape Twilight chill Sunday paper A night's drift of leaves "Against the stoop Windless The echo Of twentyone guns Autumn rain She places his flowers In the secondbest vase Fog rising Pillows, push aside A bed of pine needles The softest who A flutter in the chimney Sends down soot New coolness A bend of current Around the sea buoy Lonely walk Looking for the sun For my shadow A purple haze Across the hairgrass Smell of her perfume Autumn, Equinox My mother's writing On yellowed paper The monarch butterfly Spirals in an updraft My loneliness A pile of clams Far from shore Summer's end Summer's end Returning home To shadows Lover's Moon The first godwits Solve in! Smoking break Out by the dumpster Crickets, mate A slow wasp The lamb on the spit Makes another turn Warm afternoon My daughter's eyes close As I read Sweet, nothing's A feeding swallow turns In last light Lending heat A long line of freight cars Grinds to a halt Graveside The seeingeye dog Looks upwind Her small son struggles With the cemetery tap Summer grass Slow moving clouds We plan our future Grandmothers Rumble of thunder A street juggler Lights his torches Gridlock The blind girl whispers To her dog Small town No fence around The cemetery Rings on a stump An inch For my life My lungs fill With alpine air Wanting to yodel? Days end The length of my fish The length of my father's fish Veterans home With his lefthanded hook A paper swan An old love song Mother slices Homegrown tomatoes First day of school The teacher Wears purple socks Solar eclipse The valley fills with Howls? Moonless night From the Harvested Field The hoot of an owl Billowing curtains An unexpected memory Of Grandmas Parakeet Summer's end Last of the blackberries Behind a web Fall colors My youngest sons Deep voice Year's end The bartender Blocks my reflection Winter day Too tired to make the clouds Anything but clouds? First blossoms A breeze shifts something In each room Robin's outside The piano tuner Works on middle C Rading uphill The butterfly Passes me Chemotherapy Her children's names Tattooed on her shoulder Doe and yearling Fade into the woods Hepatica in bloom Spring morning The children's game Of being quiet Sunny morning His basket full Of spinning pinwheels Cherry blossom hill Children coming down Where there is no path A killing frost Everything I couldn't write About Chrysanthemums Out of work The silverberry hedge In a growth spurt Cracked sidewalk A young maple Branch's out Fall breeze A wasp struggles With the screen door Jay's at the feeder I remember the names Of high school bullies Falled Apple The bruise from the earth Cut off Deep autumn A fish slides down The cormorant's throat Autumn rain Solved In my ways A path opens Through the pigeons Wet maple leaves All its leaves fallen A tree we were Verbot to climb Winter stars Who else sits up? With a sick child Crackling beach fire We hum in place of words We can't recall Flooded plain Fence tops show which water belongs to whom? Falled leaves Slide over the spillway another daydream ' Election day folding and unfolding Umbrellas ' Winter daybreak, the shadow of a bird Dart's into the bedroom ' Rusted, plow a few husks of cotton Left in the field ' First snowflakes, the caged raven Playing with its food ' Autumn evening The neighbor's turtle tank Glows! Open window Everything I know of the world In falling leaves Falling acorns, the deers Ears ' Winter light His war medals In a shadow box Winter dusk The sleeping child surrounded By origami cranes Rainy darkness In the cobbled street The blind beggar Childhood home She spins maple seeds Off the front porch Summer's end, my children try to teach me How to smile? ' Cantaloupes for sale The farm girl's eyes Over her newspaper Geese winding south Yellowjackets buzz The empty barbecue Building a puzzle Three days Of rain Last day together A boat breaks up Our reflections The call of wild geese A field of pale goldenrod Leaning southward New love Still some green In these autumn leaves Fall migration The phone lines busy Gathering birds Car Horns Thistledown floats Through traffic The cool side Of corn husks Kitchen shade Moth's on the door I close And lock Summer stars The trumpet glinting From its case Change in weather Talkative strangers On a park bench Cabin steps Fresh birch seeds Since morning Thin summer moon a waft of burnt insect From the halogen bulb ' One firefly My childhood Before my eyes Stars appear a flower vendor Stringing Jasmine ' Thunderclap A blue reflection In the dog's brown eyes The old cat rubs Her nose in the French lavender morning dew ' Misty morning, the young heron's feet Spring green ' Careful steps Rocking the boat Rocking the top of the ocean Almost dusk An open door To the lighthouse The lagoon egret sound of clothes Washed on stones ' Towering pines A Bobcat prowls In the early mist Clearing sky a young gull Tests the wind ' The last telephone pole A herring gull perched On one leg Day in the park, finding a cherry blossom In the baby's diaper ' Scarlet Sunset, a fighting cock's feathers Ruffle in the breeze ' Finding a way Through the forest Winter sunlight Horned owl Near the window A curtain, Inhales First morning, dunking the last Of the homemade bread ' Overcast sky, adding more driftwood To the bird blind ' Cry of the killdeer River Stones Wretched smooth New Year's Eve Falling snow, quiets The final hour Wee hours the leaves on the roof Shift again ' upscale condo A red fox drinks From the swimming pool Winter morning A ring of cattails Holds the mist Winter clouds A neighbors, rsum? Left in our mailbox Last berries, the weight of a squirrel On the branch end ' Dead tree The last leaf [Churps] Alpine Air Losing the Few Stars, I know To the skyful ' The jaw ache From a temporary Crown Winter Rain ' Winter sun The blur of stones Underwater river ice Morning frost broken venetian blinds In the house of the murder ' Hope Without knowing what for Autumn colors Winter sunrise, the random tilt Of beaverchewed trees ' Rugby scrum A cloud of breath Floats above Evening visitation The smell of winter On coats Autumn sun A fly captured In Amber Train Berth Hot tea from a clay pot Degusting of earth Morning Moonlight A raccoon teeters On the chain link fence Sand speckled By autumn rain, her hand in mine ' Indian summer, the doe turns In the wind ' Autumn Wind My arms around the child Within Dawn A lorry driver washes His face by the highway Gray sky smelling the air for rain Or smoke ' Desert petroglyph Autumn rain falls On the sun Autumn, drizzle, I chop the carrots In finer bits ' Japanese garden A bamboo staff left In the bamboo This house Is my last home? Bougainvilleas in bloom The flatness Of watermelon seeds August, dusk Peony Bud Cut for the grave Wren song all day long Mole crabs In the palms of my hands The retreating surf Moving day their pregnant cat Left behind ' Midday heat Snap of the shoeshiners, Rag "Against the toe The waiting room, an ant on my lapel Cleans its antennae ' Afternoon warmth, the reflections of horse heads In muddy trough water ' Dark blues, the empty halves Of a sea shell ' Dawn Caught in a dewdrop, the empty swing ' Death Valley A tumbleweed [Screenly Green] Sunrise, clouds A rat burrows In earthquake rubble Barefoot In the dandelions, warm rain ' Morning tea, a warbler's song drifts Through a wind chime ' Las Vegas All the lights fading In sunrise Desert wind The potter's fingerprints Impressive on an ancient urn Washing day Wind whips the Judo jacket Through its moves Labyrinth path A change in the wind With each turn Ripening Kale A white cabbage moth Lands again and again Daybreak a white dog Crosses the snow ' Winter Sunset, a taxi cab Stops in front of me ' The road home A star too bright To be a star [Mmellwater] A trout leaps The falls ' Iris Garden The Golden Spiders Giant egg case Enough birdfeeder The shimmer of falling snow As a sparrow lands Winter dusk She paints her nails Deeper red Rool of snowmelt Under the footbridge, first dogwood blossom ' Birdsong, the shimmer of rain On the lake ' A child's smile Ringed with dirt, spring planting ' New Year's Day My overalls stained With last year's garden Morning star Frost in the paperboys Bicycle tracks New Year's Day Bleading work shirts Back to White Funerals end A pine bough sloughs It's burden of snow Ice Storm The Great Bucks Antlers Depleted by mice Frozen rain One unwed year In the next Late for work The flutter of leaves Under my wiper Week after Christmas An empty throne In the mall Snowcovered cornfield The Wild Geese In rows Single living I allow the tea kettle A full whistle The longest night A snowcovered pine Bends toward earth Shortest day All of the yellow Beated out of eggs Christmas Eve My children pretend To snore Morning twilight Stars fade But the Cardinal The bite of Radish In the dinner salad Year's end The shortest day An orange traffic cone Where the oak stood? First snow, man His nose lost to A passing horse Morning light The curtain edges Darken New Year's Eve A man digging a pit Streit's his shadow New Year's Day Three fancy toothpicks For the avocado pit Through the open door Of the outhouse Mountain fog Autumn Woods The Birds Twitter Chainsawed Meteor shower I dust off the grit Of shingles Indian summer A house sparrows poop Pings a chime First winter night Stifling heat In the chicken shack Lake in the mist Hearing it reclaim A fish Alarm call I too Look for the Hawk Latenight quarrel The moon Above it all Halloween A passing plane Lights the fog The long night A gecko echoes Another geckos cry Even without dewdrops All those hairs On the caterpillar Tabby Harvest The first drops of rain On a tinroofed shack Desert oil field Pump silhouettes Glow in the sunset Resting here Long after someone gave a name To this ocean Wind in the trees My dreams also fly Over the hill Distinct lightning Cottonwood Seeds drift Over the dry earth Clouds part A mantis silhouette Through the sunlit leaf Beyond the lights Of the amusement park [Rhythm of the Sea]? First evening, cool A preening goose Spreads one wing Calmwell ledge Winding through autumn colors The sound of a creek Cold sky My boots grind stones In the dry wash Clanging buoy How many voices? Does the sea have? Cold rain Tips of new tulips Rim the muskeg Spring thaw The ewe wants to be petted In all the old places A doortodoor salesman Longens his stride The scent of wisteria Winter Beach The glint of white In the Raven's eye The cattails Lose their heads March wind Night rain The new puppy suckles In his sleep One white lily In the Koi Pond Mother's Day The observatory dome Opens wide Moths Village Square Old faces borrowing angles From the stone Her only nipple Beginnings to harden A new year Written exams In the silence The scent of peeled orange Winter rain Gull's swim into The hockey goal Trickling pool A snappers stillness Among the stones Subzero Geese, flow backwards With the swollen tide Windless day Kissing snowflakes On her hair First day of spring The faded strike zone On the schoolhouse Winter tide An abalone shell Too deep to reach Distinct church bell Snowflakes, vanish In dark water Playing chess A crow lands On a patch of snow Winter thaw The neighbor throws toys Back across the fence First fine day A mother and her baby Babble back and forth Family reunion Wild turkeys Among the headstones Late day shadows The gravedigger hangs his coat Over the stone angel Accompanyed for prayer The Bonsai Pine In its tiny pot The corner Where nothing grows Moonlight Raw wind And right on, cue The scrawny dog that limps Hazy afternoon Hedge trimmers ratchet up The Cicada frenzy My friends wake A bookshelf labeled To be read Opening the door To let the old dog out Moonlight on my toes A foot of snow The cat out loving and Where is the garden, Buddha? New Year's Eve Bath I fail to become A swan Meeting a Hummingbird On the way to the bath My nakedness Scuba diving Cloud shadows On the coral Camper faucet The day's last sunlight Drops away Nightfall Prairie wind Streeps, roadside reflectors In the dark The mountain Loses its name noon heat Moving grass Swings the sky Giggles of children The Golden Retriever Shakes off the river Honeysuckle The silent flight of fruit bats Above the river Ring of mountains Elders walk the drum beat Around a fire pit Autumn Moon Everything I own Fits in the canoe Kindergarteners Cracking peanuts with A rocking chair Nursing infant The odor of wet wool In the subway Breaking heat wave The slow return Of wind chimes July 4th Small talk over beer With a redcoat Afternoon thunder Green sprouts From the hay bales New plans for the day Water running away From the rain Dental office The orchid stem Flowerless Country diner A ceiling fan turns Paper snowflakes Blowing rain Colors blend On a garden pinwheel Sundial Time pauses For a cloud First warm spell I gaze into the sky Where the shuttle streaked? Our neighbor sings Spring snow melts In the muskeg Rain A cup of chamomile tea And Cherry blossoms Today, the courage To speak to her Sweet breeze The quince tree flutters With red parrots Spring breakup My missing button In her sewing box Water sounds My memory wanders the coast Of a summer lake Kitchen mopup The peace of moving out In widening arcs Telling it Like it is One black crow Bird watching Ned boys in the canal Make a pose Bird house empty of seed Even the Jays Look for Bernard Old tombstone Losing its name Merger first star Heat lightning The shuttle snaps Across the warp Snow on thin ice Skid marks Where the hare turned? Winter night The understanding eyes Of a lumpy teddy New Year's Day The cat leaves a hairball On the bed False spring The wavering reflection Of a broken branch Ship horns! Footprints crisscross The misty beach Trial separation Ice distends The rain gutters Winter rain A long trail of ants To the honey jar Winter rain I search for ways To be four again The word "father" In Tatsukos, Haiku scroll Winter Camellias Spring scents My dog and I walk Through different worlds Dwindling light My childhood home A parking lot Retirement options? First ice Rims the campus pond Sunset on ice My slow shadow By Giacometti Winter windstorm A tea kettle whistles On the woodstove Frozen sky The star over home Bigger than the others My father's globe So many countries With wrong names One last look Through the old apartment A dry sponge Musical over The chill an exit door Let's in Winter evening Neither of us bothers To remove the tea bags Crackling frost Fox Kits tumble In the moonlight Upcurls of morning fog The waterfalls lather On boulder, Moss Walking for my health The mutter of ducks Under the pier Autumn afternoon A tramp warms his back "Against a headstone Fluttering At the edge of the farm Surveyor's flags A distant tractor Long into the evening Curlews Ripe blueberries The morning, mist Knife high Parrot or fruit bat Examining the shape? Of the apple core Sunset The shimmer Of dragonfly wings Pickle truck An old retriever [Laps] The wind A sheep dying In dirty straw It's blond eyelashes Freshly washed hair Smell of the wind Rushing past New to the islands She sniffs The hibiscus War jitters Brushstroked Hollyhocks Stand at attention So many stars Through the pruned grapevine The buzz of mosquitoes Dawn I come face to face With a mountain Maple shade Young girls follow their recipe For mud pies Open drawbridge Counting the masts Of ships unseen Twilit path A Tarantula Lifts a leg First light I pretend to shave My son's lathered face Monday morning A flaw in the shadow Of the sugarbowl Spring clouds Packed all over the mountains New puppies sleep Headstone A dash Between the years The lingering sound Of a bell Sun on old wood 'Salely' With my cheerios And another missing child Misty window A child draws the rain With slashing lines Fast freight A yellow dandelion Between blue rails Gravity Ground Offshore kelp billowing With the tide Despite My forgetfulness Pink geraniums Birthday morning The moth on the mirror In a different place Grey morning The shire Horses Fetlocks Caked with mud Spring morning The raven goes Where the wind went? Small town The smell of Everyone's wood Ground hog day Artillerie loosens its grip On my thumb Weekday morning Gulls gather Round the icefishing hole First warm day The boys show off A handful of grubs No room for doubt The swallows Red throat Snowdrops On the grave A yew's shadow Flickering candles A wren chirps Between hymns Signs of spring The expiration date On fatfree milk Early spring The teenager guns His engine Spring wind A man with wooden hands unfolds a paper Spring, Hague A whiff of spruce From the avalanche debris Sowing lupine In the rain His pleasure voice Ebb tide The Sand Castle Moat Still showing clouds Seaside Caf The wind ripples My oyster soup Again, negotiations fail The clay path broken By a mushroom Our first meeting A snowflake melts On my lips Bedtime story My grandfather's fingers Touching the braille Morning sun Fish scales glisten In the otter scat His passing The Magenta Chrysanthemum Still fresh End of twilight Duck Wings, whistle Above the path Tracings of snow On the forest boughs A horned owl's face Iconic wind The garbage can rolls Back and forth Cats faint tread The light Before sunrise First day of school The Latin teacher Coated in chalk Continental's edge A mound of jellyfish The color of twilight Shooting star A night bird Cries out Rooling sea Blue anemones Along the path Meditation hour The rain "Changing rhythm" A strange language These querulous crows And no peace Full moon A shadow under the curl Of each wave Morning wind Shadows of gulls Skim the dunes Breakwater rocks Where I left off yesterday The morning tide Standing in the brook Malformed toenails Relieve a turtle Strict trail A wild rose catches My breath Unlock afternoon The deepening hole beneath The woodpecker's beak Storm lull Freshly crumpled paper Creaks twice Porn porch swing The occasional drip Of gathering dew First, Phlox A dewdrop on the tip Of my nose Crevasse My shadow's head Disappeareds Storm clouds, roil Across the prairie She marks her place From childhood The firefly jar Light hair in it False Dawn A ruffed grouse drums The wood's awake Spring breeze The smell of new tires From the bike shop Little loose cloud And the blue balloon? Finding each other Clinic appointment I stop To pet pussy willows White marble I am small at the feet Of Lincoln Snarled traffic A mosquito buzzes In my ear Spring landscape A water colorist's brush Tints the stream Splendy irises The boy asks Where babies come from? The chorus Before the cranes Spring sky Spring ends The old acacia Remains leafless Anemones Closing petals in the stream Windstreaked clouds Slave Cemetery The tug of the current On willow fronds Stone Garden This morning, the islands Float on snow Wood, sorrel A bumblebee works The last patch of sun Fruitcellar coolness Mama, pits cherries With a paperclip Green grass My hopes Just so high The dogwood And the cats meow The color of twilight First night In the new bedroom Wisteria Soft rain Hopscotch, Pebble In a puddle Special guest Moving the cherrywood bowl In sunlight Summer rain Her Kimono tied Loolly She asks me If I love her Evening star Summer begins The sound of a stick Dragged across a fence Cabin fever I spin the child's globe Until it blurs blue Sunny Sunday Carpenter bees working The new shed Railway station A Banyan tree's roots Yet to reach the ground Garden pond A koi nibbles At spring rain Dandelion Bouquet I wash the bitterness From his hands Gentle rain Apple blossom footprints Around the teacher's desk Aspen, plumes Shower, Sacagawea's statue Midday silence Late afternoon Up to its belly in hyacinths A pregnant buffalo May sun I'm the one The puppy comes to A small cup With a broken handle Baby's tears Animal skull The child fingers Her eye Screeching gulls Under the Tangy Sea scent odors of decay Moonlit stroll Her demons, my demons The sea Christmas dinner The handle broken off A tradition Cool morning Dumped coffee grounds Steam beside Violets First warm day Looking for eagles And finding the sky Outgoing tide A funeral At the Cliffs Edge Winter sickness My daughter tucks me in For the first time Yet some new snow From the treetops Bird by bird Morning twilight A breeze lifts the palest Of the ivy leaves Church Cemetery A wasp starts its nest In Mary's hand Post to post A woodpecker searching The meadow fence Fingerlings A water moccasin Poses as a reed Dowser's hands The pull in a switch Of willow Wind gust My children's breath While they sleep Fowhorns A fish in the silence Between? Cowbell's clonking On a torpid afternoon The muddy river ford Smoke over the river The restlessness Of Crows Dying maple Just enough leaves For the wind to rustle Tundra Swans In the mist Snowflakes Winter fog Car after car Into the bridge The hang time Of grasshoppers Lazy afternoon Invisible door The orphan opens it For his brother Summer night The store owner buys something From his own machine Flickering light On a vase of wildflowers Sound of the wind Midsummer Childhood pathways Lost to wildflowers Gaunt, children Selling old bayonets noonday, sun Evening cool My two small images In the cat's eyes Simmering fireflies The overgrown field Since father's illness Woodland stroll The same bird call Always just ahead Sunny rain Colour of finches Matching the leaves? Storm clouds The valley darkens Farm by farm Hokusais wave A child shapes his fingers In claws Cold spring rain A yellow wheelbarrow Starts to shine Sunlit meadow Fritillaries Just frittering A lizard tail Released in my pinched fingers The scent of thyme The pregnant woman Shifts on the bleachers Extra innings Smell of roses The healer's hands Grow warmer Dogday night One bug, Zap At a time The bride On her way to the groom Purpose of rose Blissing heat A child frightens me With a rubber spider Street fair Colors from the suncatcher Touch the mime Firy sky Swift's spiral In a chimney Hot night The orchestration of crickets And tinkling ice Departure day The car covered With Pollen Easter afternoon The sides of a dairy cow Heave in labor Mother's Day That first breath of air Outside the door Fly fishing The frog Too Memorial Day In the moment of silence A mourning dove Spring morning We argue about crab apple And cherry blossoms Leaving the paddock? The colour of dandelions Coming with me Spring afternoon Even the river stones Turning green Memorial Day Cut flowers, lie In ranks of white Cattails bursting A red rowboat tangled In willow branches Autumn walk Our cat greets us At a neighbour's house Cold wind The woodpecker taps Faster and faster Our holiday home The hoot of an owl Reminds me of him First, peepers Blue smoke blowing In dusk Morning light Through bonechina bowls A bluebird song Thin clouds Streit the sun Rumors of layoffs? Threat level orange Wild Ducks land On the White House lawn A thud on the glass Awaken! From my dream of flying Open window Through the moonfilled night The mockingbird Fresh grave The bare earth covered With cut flowers Sandstorm The scent of rain From somewhere A week of rain In the strangers, yawn? A train whistle Supper cooking A wind with storm in it Comes through the wheat Dusty Mullions Early twilight creeping From living room corners The wave Curbs on and on Indian summer Boardedup drugstore "Grass lengthens" Between concrete cracks Desert chill The Ocotillos long reach To the stars Bread rising A crumb In an old book Lunar eclipse I remember my last Menses Moonlight Crossing the tide flats In someone's footprints Withering heat Schoolyard tetherballs hang "Against their poles Blazing sun The fly caught beneath A wine glass Invisible fence ' No sign of the dog A shorebird's red bill The tide rushing In a mussel bed "Still waves" The herring gulls Pink legs The longest day Slowly the cat [licks each paw] Thunder The white side Of the leaves A gull slips On the polished handrail Rolling thunder Beachcomber Cones of sand fill Her smile lines Leaving for home Strokes of seaweed wrap Around our ankles Late wisteria The stepladder Wobbles Twilight The poultry truck returns With empty cages The bee dies Separate from its stinger And I Sunday drive The spider web snaps As I pull away Light lace curtains Caught by a breeze Dandelion Seeds Summer noon The taste of childhood In forest berries The Rivers movement Spoked through trees Midsummer Eve Prayer for peace The ripples of striders overlapping Summer shower We pass through To a dry street Lightning flash Both cats asleep On the tile floor No breeze Children on branches Swing their legs Moon shimmer A whippoorwill [Stammers] A friend A friend of a friend Twilight The stone back Ants that were under The stone Cherry petals drifting Across the sunny porch The cat yawns Cracks in cement Prepackaged soil For wildflower seeds Spring wind The pregnant woman walks In the ocean Last light The mockingbird Tries a new song Mother's day alone A neighbor's first Iris Pucks through the fence Spotting shed The scattered leaks Of sunlight Workday over She presses her face In wet lilac leaves Evening calm A Hummingbird works her way up The trumpet vine Summer solstice A roofer lays new slates Among the old Falled leaves The child in her Gives a kick Coyotes The strange shape Of moonlit mist Slightly gust The toddler points In his sleep Waking alone? 'Moreing doves' In the rain Piano practice Her hand reaches In the morning sun Lakeshore at Dusk The mountain reappears With strawberry snow Blackout Children cast animal shadows By candlelight midnight One branch sawing Through another A ray of sun Invisible Until the goldfinch Lilacs on the breeze Linging! I reset the sundial Ter feathers In the surfcaster's hat Autumn Sunset Rock, strata The space in the photo Between Grandma and me "Dancing Moon" Faded chalk stars On the sidewalk Fowhorns I'd forgotten how close We live to the river Morning, mist A train whistle, Mingles With the moravian band The car packed One last pebble Cast into the sea Pay day The field hand bends over His lotto scratcher New school year The sound of the stream Returns September morning None of the students Has failed Lunch with my ex A kingfisher, preens In the bare orchid tree Sultry morning The child's rag doll (Climped on the veranda Touching the tree Where we carved our names Water shimmers Eiderdown On the river August Moon A snail Thrusts out its horns Soft rain Thunderheads The clam dropped by a gull Misses the rock Reading a harlequin In the shade of a tree The heat "Grand on the graves" A whippoorwill Far away Fresh palette A fisherman whets His blade Autumn Ocean The wind In a wave Creak of the swing My feet still reach The sky Country Road I quietly cross The equator Twilight A child's pail taken By the tide Smell of lemon The glint of a sunbeam On polished pews Home from the lawyer My old soft shimmy And a bowl of huckleberries First light Filling the orchard Squeak of the pump What my words can't explain The autumn sun On your back Quiet afternoon Leaves on her desk Arranged by colour Creaking gate The crows evenly spaced Between the headstones Summer night Slowly, he disappears In Cicada song The angle Of the fruit picker's ladder Autumn light Continued heat How does the maple know? That it's autumn Holding her close The pulse Of cricket song Sunlit Lake Her face After baptism Summer writing camp Sound of a skill saw Through the barn window Lateday, sun The cavity of a snag Laced with webs Euucalyptus trees Sway in the hot wind A taste of grit Summer evening A muskrat rests its head On driftwood Afternoon, Hake The slow windup Of a cicada Unemployed A pillar of mayflies Whispering in the sun Ninthinning tie The slow shadow of the pitcher Approaches the mound Windy dusk A dog waits by The collapsed bridge Airless night Dust from the window frame On my fingers Moonbeams The thin legs Of a new frog Frog song A bromeliad Gathers rain Spotlighting viewpoint A kite string leads down To the ice cream van Sunglare The rasp as my clam rake Claims Tin Cans Teacolored creek Live salmon, make their way Past the dead Willow shadows The drip of water From a moose's chin [Mockingbird] Not a hint Of this record high The wave turning back The deep blue Of the seashell Up from the harbor Fish smells follow The Donkey Trail Midsummer stream A grackle dips its beak In shimmer Family reunion Fragments of old photo albums On the porch floor Winter Moon Dying echoes Of the coyotes, howl? Crow's bicker In the morning light Our twisted sheets Chinese pork stall The Deep Valley In a chopping log Cloudy sky A little boy imitates The cuckoo Jazz in the night Leaves blow across The empty intersection The long night A warm glow From the baker's window City morning A crane lifts its shadow Up the wall Farmers market The bee balm lady Drawing all the butterflies Sun shower The surveillance camera Fixed on a puddle White hydrangeas Motherhood is missing From my resum Vacations end Wheard wipers in synch With the radio Autumn Wind The leaves are going Where I'm going? Oh, oh, oh The mouths of Japanese women On a woodcut The highs and lows Of our conversation The dog's eyebrows On a slip of paper A number without a name Autumn, drizzle A friend has died Migrating Geese Still migrating Black mesa A water serpent winds Around the clay pot Windswept corner Every time A surprise Quiet day A falling leaf Touches my face Summer Garden The full stretch Of the hose Deepening winter He listens To her womb Alone tonight The calla lily curves In shadow Summer's end The beach umbrella man Packs up to leave Mile after mile Of barbed wire Wind in the sage Woodpecker The higher pitch Of a hickory Rows of corn dancers The blackandwhite smile Of a Pueblo clown Lost in reeds A bittern points the way To the morning moon Summer ending A dry wind weaves The willows together River Reverie Cottonwood leaves shimmer In the autumn breeze The first cool night Nearly forgotten faces Lively in dreams Shooting star Father's Ring Slips off my finger Walking home from church Sun on the other side Of my face Summer heat The grin on the face Of my neighbors dog Distinct thunder The scolded girl Steps on every crack The gift pen Runs out of ink Summer rainstorm Lending heat Out of a small shop The smell of the past Muggy morning Turning over a beetle In the corn maze Almost ripe The pineapple that was So hard to draw A week of rain Peppermint drops Fused in a clump [Cambodian sunset] Children bathe In the Brown River Stonehenge The druid arrives In his psychedelic car Postal form The gift value of a bottle Of empty cicadas Rocky Portage Someone familiar? In the stranger's face Summer afternoon The boys tell stories About someday Wild oats The missing fence rail At the donkey's feet Ligened shrine A farmer studies The roof thatch Dust cloud The dump truck weighed down With Wilderness Armour deep In a cold stream Fools gold thesis The sounds of childhood Through my study window Summer meadow Awaking to a crowd Of cows Only a chimney And dust of adobe bricks Yellow Roses Long afternoon The peanut vendors, bell Jingles in another street Insomnia The breakup Moth by moth My neighbor's bicycle Went to the fence Drifting plum petals Unlock conversation Stole shadows Crisscross the sand Spring twilight Buddies of water lilies Still submerged Evening rain The deaf dog sleeps With a paw on my foot The cool breeze Between spadefuls of gravel A nightingales song Childhood garden Smell of the magnolia That once stood here Cattail, slough A slight seepage In the weave of tracks Tea garden The Dr Doolittle in me [whispers to a turtle] A field of crickets Stepping in the spaces Between their songs Wood smoke draped in the treetops All souls day Latenight foghorns Straightening the cut line On a pan of brownies Night of no moon From the trawler's lamp One small pool of light The nail sinking in My father's hammer In my hand Ancient cedars The dog bends her head And sniffs Cicada Chorus A circle of freshmen Share a smoke Approaching winter I leave the seashell At the bottom of the purse Night scaffold The workman slightly bigger As a shadow War news The underbelly of a moth Pressed to my window Deathbed My old friend's imitation Of a firefly Ice moon The cat grooms away My touch Lily, stamens Almost touching Cicada cry Dry leaves On the trampoline The Foster Child's Fifth Placement Indian summer A bee bounces around In the beer can A teacup Held with both hands October, Gale Chill wind! A crow drinks From the rainfilled stump Steel Towers Webbing Earth and Sky The glow from Mars Autumn, Equinox Making a new arrangement? Out of the old Autumn campgrounds Lysol from the men's room In the breeze Autumn chill A buttefly swept up With the leaves Black ice The crossing guards sneeze Goes unblessed Temple at night The flickering shadows Of gods and goddesses Hot as blazes A sinkful Of cat Besides my car The morning sunrolling Along the wall of corn Cigardas None of the sawn boards Even in length Fistful of sand The milky way stretching To where my wife lives September sunset Cows come single file Through the pasture gate Bookmobile Day Huckleberries bloom Along the white picket fence Hitting the ridge? Trail dust settles On tree tops Changing wind Tarpon Bones In the surf A conference badge On the bombsniffing dog Another September Alone tonight Light on my bedroom wall From the neighbour's house Just you and me Awaken all night Bullfrog Street of rain The list of Errands folded Smaller Poises by rilke All morning, the drifting Of pine pollen A purple tree When did I stop? Being young Day Moon A child feigning sleep In the hammock Quiet rain Garden gate held open With a hoe Flating clouds Fragments of a conversation Across the lake Children playing [Sale Bubbles Burst] In the fir needles Sunny day Losing all sense Of my stone pillow Carefully tended roses He dozes in the swing She always loved Evening fog We walk home by the light Of burning leaves My eyebrows Grown longer Winter night Winter stars Wondering what inspired? The abacus Christmas morning A yellow ribbon Of sun Birch shadows Lace the snowcovered courtyard A burst of wrensong A puppet taken From the Toyshop window Winter rain [Little window] The cat peeps in Through frost patterns "Bloomy cold" The bell ringer Peppermint breath Resting his head On her warm flank Morning milking Subway graffiti About someone's mother "Furth Moon" Hunter's Moon Wind in silver waves Through the beach grass [ Shouting ] Couple Wave after wave nears The seawall A load of salt hay Tucking in the roses For the long sleep She keeps speaking In the stillness Autumn stars Long shadows Many places To cross the creek Steel, grey sea An old woman cuts kelp From the rocks Still water The Grebes rise Breast to breast Open hospice door A path of moonlight Across the sea Giving sound To my creaky steps Old plank Scrimmage The wide receiver catches Rain [Screen Stars] The cabby speaks Of home Bed of spring, Moss She tosses her hair Over his shoulder There must be light Where they come from? Chestnut blossoms Autumn Creek Each leaf shadow haloed In sunlight Last cast A fisherman's breath Becoming river mist Moon shadow An owl, plucks a mouse From rising water Afternoon, Burble The yin yang of two beef tongues In a pot Hospital Ward I try to isolate Her special scent Still water The crayfish slips under The sky Moon, almost full The blackness flows Abroad Falling leaves The same old man returning To the same old park bench Childhood home Twilight As I arrive Wish made Concentric ripples Spread away Blessing dawn The cat's slow progress Toward the kitchen Dusty Temple Yard Buddhas Sandstone face Wretched away Falled leaves The first words of the letter I regret Nearly dusk The playground, astir With dragonflies First autumn rain Dust on the umbrella plant Interrupted Morning cool Silences of the faithful Murmuring chants War again The starlings Fly south Autumn leaves A cowslip blooms Out of time Falled nest! Turning back the clock One hour A barrow of windfalls Enoughing out Applescented rain Vendor on the beach From hand to hand The spinning pinwheel The crab points skyward With its remaining claw Crane's shadow Evening light Following the anchor line In the sea Rain stopped The sunflower drips In its shadow Urgered in a coat He never wore Autumn, Equinox Gray morning sky A herring gull drops a mollusk On top, rocks Afternoon swim In his hair The scent of fish Factory whistle Blue morning, glories On the flag pole Labor Day An apple bough bent To the ground Autumn, Equinox Fresh tooth marks In the old birch Flowering field The farmer's new fenceposts Squarely staked New rain The odour of Kangaroos From the hollow [Meadowlarks] Glear Over the ripe, grainfield Tips of deer velvet Dry, arroyo Click of insects On slabs of slate Sun blocked by clouds Mile after mile In silence Darkening sky Between Mimosa blooms An iridescent honeyeater Spring rain An old stone wall Between pastures Unison shifting Of graduation tassels The expanse of sky Wildfire How loud the forest? Sounds Summit view My friend examines His shoes Home for Christmas My brothers argue over The Cracker Jack Prize Winter dreams At her bedside, a basket Tied of sweet grass "Chatribe" The dogs that barked at each other Bark together A lost ball Among fallen leaves His grave Frozen rain The old doe Slow to leave the meadow Hunter's Moon A Christmas beetle slips From the child's hands The passing year A jetliner disappears In gray clouds Snowfall A child draws the horizon On a window An old ache returns Trayer ruts Filled with snow Winter forest The mist From a whisper Shooting star What do fish? See at night Grown overnight In the city square A Christmas tree Two crows working The twilight crosswinds My pregnant wife Patches of sky The ship's waves sink In the ocean Frozen cold The crow leaves With a caw December traffic White puffs From the police whistle Almost dusk An extension cord dangles In falling snow Gale force wind The shrieks of gulls Flying in place Last goodbye Smell of his wool coat Deeper into my nose Moonrise Shreds of a wasp nest Dispared in the snow Dew on the morning paper "Grand blades" Unbending Much chirping Sparrows settle on the wire Immediately spaced Sundown A circle of yellow Under the ginkgo Full moon Two lovers hugging One shadow Door ajar Breathing in A neighbor's fire Recess Bell Frost on the rungs Of the slide The gravel layer Of a Cavedin bank November Light Thanksgiving, Storm Scarlet leaves strewn On the dining room table Moonlight Fraternities In the crystal dragon A grasshopper On the storm door Latenight wind Low moon The canoes shadow rocks On the river Birdsong Through open windows He lifts the veil Midday sun rinsing a justpulled melon In the rusty tub Summer past The peony That never bloomed Shadowy steps Climbing towards the sound Of a shakuhachi "Grass gone to seed" Tiny brown moths flicker About my ankles Summer fog Thins in the sun A swan emerges His arthritis Guided the hoe Late tomatoes October sun A couple hold their embrace In the sculpture garden A towhee calls From the seldomused gate Autumn Dawn First light Pulling nightcrawlers? From the mud The wingpulse Of a shiny wasp Heat waves Wet sand A crab comes up Out of the moon A skiff Broken loose Wild flowers Summer grasses The trail upstream In tomorrow Morning sun The shine On a buttercup The polished surface A white heron hesitates To put its foot down Blazing heat My long shadow Unusual Children's laughter A naked woman bathing In the river A trout erupts Through iridescent ripples Summer Sunset Winter wind A wasp nest tumbles From the Eaves Windswept day A skater opens her coat To cross the lake Approaching spring A fire made of letters Written overnight Deep chords From the practice room A bee stirs applemint Spring Moon The sleeping dog Wears a puppy's face "Dancing Moon" The shadows of bubbles Under the ice Snowed in A silverfish In my teacup February A sharpened edge On the shovel A late arrival In the back row The odor of rain Vesper Bells Calling asylum inmates Hazy Moon! New Year's Eve Flash of a firework Through the wool curtain January Dawn I scatter rock salt From where I've landed The paraplegics gaze Climbing bare branches With the jay A shy toddler The rest home seniors Come to life Winter landscape One more raven flaps out Of her paintbrush Holidays over Dry roses On the secretary's desk Snowdust Boulder to boulder A Bobcat Sunlit hoarfrost The man who survived a stroke Tried to smile While I napped The Amyllis opened wide Winter sunshine Backroad Moon shadows drift With the snow Lifting fog A few white feathers In the raven's breast A friend dies The surrounding mountains seem Taller and closer The long night A kaleidoscope of moth parts In the overhead lamp Steeltown Christmas Sprain blurs The neon welcome Winter afternoon Bringing the laundry in Steering First snow The cough from a stubbled face In the soup line Iconic road A cloud covers the moon In the dead deer's eyes Old neighborhood The haunted house Now painted yellow Feeding the pigeons? On Christmas morning The can collectors red socks Winter dusk Fow flowing up The dry canal Ripening blueberries A river carries sunlight Down the valley Weathered cattails Sparrowsong skitters Through the bog The moon's brightness After midnight Cornstalk, tepees Autumn gust A squirrel with an acorn Back up the tree Tent revival Between parables Locusts Landing? The heron's neck curves In itself Swimming laps The moon One stroke ahead Thanksgiving day A squirrel pulls Indian corn From my neighbor's door Scramble of jets A chipmunk Runs for cover Autumn sun The white and whiter shades Of a fountain Now and then the wind Through the Ponderosa Pines Billows of pollen Outstretched arms Of a giant saguaro Afterglow Summer rain The shape of the birthmark On her shoulder A lone inmate On the prison grounds Summer rain Track, meet A few grains of sand In the drinking fountain Lending heat The taste of hibiscus tea On his lips Purpure evening She thumbs through glossy pages Without reading Constant drizzle Bridetobe oscillating Between yes and no A hard rain What cloud? Could have held it Swollen stream A tick on new grass extends Both front legs Depth of winter Raising more face cream In my crowsfeet Icecold morning Even the dog Holds her water Valentine's Day At the back of the greenhouse Withered poinsettias Springtime A pair of ravens falling Over and over Dune grass A yellow butterfly weaves In and out of shadow Brought wind I draw my quilt close and worry About the birds Winter stillness A low nickering From the horses Mother's scarf Slides from my shoulder Wild Violets [Tananmen Square] I buy a kite shaped like a bird Birthday sunrise No extra waves In the ocean Blackened forest A mushroom gnawed white A small bowl Of imported oranges Snow outside Winter sky We decide to take The slower road Spring fog A shoulder of mountain Crooked with pines Alleluias A trapped bird flutters about The church Dawn Between branches the night Fades into sky Snowbound The orange tip Of a traffic cone Parting clouds A crack in the ice Follows the riverbend In the music room With each inbreath Hyacinths Religion aside There are plum blossoms And pussywillows Twilit, tombstone An owl Drops a pellet Departing hearse The coldness as a wheelchair Touches my leg (Slightly) Riddle A moon spindles out In other's Winter Beach The skywriting drifts In clouds Distinct glimmer Of a beach fire Autumn Moonrise [ thick fog] The sound of raven wings Between firs Traffic tieup A fisherman on the bridge Casts a long line Waiting! A leaf falls In my lap Winter sun A last ray flares From behind clouds Moon shadows Between screams The baby yawns ThRongtree Fence Even shadows seldom Come inside Gloves of fishermen Hanging on a clothesline Shadows of gloves Summer's end The staggered heights Of black umbrellas A pause in the rain The old man goes out To check the mailbox 4h, fair Such a longhandled brush To lather the pig Faded sale sign A sailboat heeled over In the tall weeds Restoring a fresco Light changes Along the Grand Canal Blinding rain I find an old loves name In the obituaries Autumn crabapples A neighbor and I Compare aches and pains Dexterous fog The pine smudged In shadow Open casket The absence Of his cologne Lonelyse A hint of salt In the rain (Neasecushioned Path ) Only when he hops The red toad Maine Granite poking up Through the lawn (Slightly arc) Of the stepping stones Summer Moon Spring rain Dad's name misspelled In the obituary Mountain air A caterpillar reaches The twigs end Warm rain In the center of the tree stump A black hole Peony buds Can an ant? Relax! Tiring heat The newspaper story continues On another page First blossoms The heron's nest Out on a limb Dawn light On white camellias The fever breaks White plum blossoms Motherofpearl on the Korean chest Gathers the dawn The kite Caught by a tree Still flying Spring breeze One raindrop nudged In another [Wrinking snow] I know why The caged bird sings A single bark From below the village Mist rising Morning breeze A butterfly sways With the blossom A puppy chasing It's tail I unbraid my hair Staple glass, Sunray In the chalice The creaking of knees Spring Festival Hazel clatters On the stage Spring sun The whiteness Of my scar Spring thaw The splinter in my finger Finally comes out Wild Geese Nesting in the Marsh grass She takes my hand Honeymoon We wade into the current Of a great river By the statue Of the Polar Explorer Lending snow Stone Fountain The blind girl drinks With cupped hands A sinkhole Where the tree was? Spring runoff Lover's kissing As the tulips close Spring rain Butterfly's Throughout the meadow Gypsy music Taking off the chill Flickers of color From the funnies Cold dawn Bird feathers stuck On the cat door Record cold The flattened bubbles Of river ice Scrubwoods A homeless man At home Winter sun The curve of laughter Down the treehouse slide Reflecting On his distance Winter Moon To start The fire Obituaries My cough Scatters the waxwings New Year's Day Falled leaves A Tarantula's legs Still uncovered Jazz In the long, cool evening The sound of Geese leaving Heat lightning The first drop of sweat On her chin Echo of a bell A monk checks his step Over a garden snail Open window The neighbors parrot answers My oven timer Dawn A vee of goslings, swims Toward the moon Wikiper's wiping Slush from the windshield Radio Love Song A slug trail Moonlight Streits my shoe Pink clouds So hot the morning The circus arrives Afternoon bath The mockingbird echoes A thrush Late autumn Driving toward the sunset All the way home Fumbling To unlock the door Winter stars Spring sky A pair of ravens Owning it Wooted barnyard The old farmer waltzing With a wayward cow Pruding old roses The taste of blood On my tongue Water strider The wake Of an oar Creek crossing The uneven footing On the other side Breezy afternoon Making a kite again After many years Nature preserve Encircling its marker An endangered plant A rest by the stream Burr's on the tongue Of my tennis shoe Midstream A doe waits for her fawns Summer twilight A row of canoe paddles Hanging on a rail Evening stillness Easter stars A rising chorus Of treefrogs Redwing blackbirds Vie for the tallest stalk Spring wind Adrift Between ice floes April, sun Peace Officer's Memorial The empty slots For future names The secret she tells A wave opens Over the headland Early morning A sparrows wingbeats Through the stillness The kites pull In another life I wore A braided pigtail The sweet alyssum Between my grandparents, graves Spring afternoon After the funeral Children at play Hey, Barbie 'Teedpool' Hermit crabs Shifting shells Lakewind, Billows The Minister's Robe Easter sunrise Daylight savings The coal train Seems longer A field mouse In the cranes beak Mud month Juggling five white balls A cabbage butterfly Joins in Dandelion fluff My breath sails on Without me Brambles wrapped Around barbed wire First leaves The clink of change In a roadside coffee can Cut daffodils First fine day Working the kinks out Of the vine Farmers market A ladybug comes With the kale Folding the tripod The cloud I photographed Drifts apart Hostel for the homeless A flock of pigeons Solves Grumbling turnips In a steel bowl Afternoon snow "Against the Night Sky" The curved shape of an owl My mitten in yours Spring night Squirting green dish detergent On the roach Late March The snowman's nose Dripping Watercolours Strung across the art room Winter rain Christmas guests gone Father sleeps in his wheelchair Candlelight silence Almost spring The untouched mousetraps In the attic Vernal, Equinox A pebble casts a shadow On the concrete floor Cemetery The blownover, Oak Leafing Night lightning The Rambutan trees empty spaces Fill with brightness A warm breeze Before the clock alarm Star Jasmine Fountain Children watching It's ups and downs Midday call The owl deepens A Redwood forest Sunshine fills the place Where he huddled? Old cat's passing You didn't have to Be there at Woodstock Tonight's Sky Leaf shadows Pink and blue paint cans In the baby's room A cicada drops On the easel pad Cloud shadow Guest's arrive In our greetings A cloud of gnats Deer Hunters Trample the leaffall Our small dog's grave Dusty path The summer taste Of raspberries Next to each other A boat full of people One full of pelicans Glassy Pond The rattling blue dive Of a kingfisher Desert twilight A packrat peers into My empty boot Cool summer night A full moon Frames the bird feeder A sweat bee Stings my hand Summer heat Becalmed A blue butterfly Clings to the sail Twilight Lake A merganser pulls silver water In dark Saguaro blossoms In Moonlight The first bat's shadow Distinct thunder The old dog growls In his sleep Stallled train The red flash Of a blackbird's wing Spring rain The old mathematician walks With a closed umbrella My glissando Past the schoolyard railing Spring wind Evening cool A blue balloon Rises out of sight Debris Whets growing over Some saddle shoes Waiting for the light [ umbrellas] Touch Rapids in the gutter Brushing my hair One hundred times Cat in love North Wind Buffets the hilltop field Blackeyed Susans Scalling waves Power walkers Swung their arms Summer thermal A wheel of ravens Spins out of sight Outgoing tide Jellyfish fade With the sky Misty moon Straits of a boatman's song Lost at sea Lonelyse A piece of driftwood Keeps returning Bull through binoculars Blured fence Focused eye A dried lemon Falls from the tree The day lengthens Starless night One long blast From the ship's horn Footprints A warm lantern Left on the sand Hideandseek The weeping willow Giggles A rooster The split rail fence Zigzags Commemoration Day Wind not strong enough To flutter the flag Cold rain Rice spewing from a hole In the bag First light Guessing at the depth Of overnight snow A little girl Watching a cocoon? Wings Clear Lake Spring clouds glide Toward the dock Cherry blossoms The parish priest Straightens his collar Windblown rain The labored purring Of an old cat An osprey's nest Even here The use of plastic Budding trees Chafe marks From new sandals Rural prison Larksong drawing up faces From the pens Cold rain Cherry petals in the street With Lotto tickets Garage sale Memories For a quarter Summer night The sound of a car About to go by Late evening The monks chanting Be overcome by cicadas Overcast sky News of a colleagues Nervous breakdown Dusk The silence after A pomegranate falls Moving day Warm rain On cardboard Planets in line A moth flutters In the open doorway Foggy slope Tree roots for steps To the Waters Edge Gray Day No way around The puddles Flashing white On the evening path Rump of a rabbit Three stabs,three misses The heron Shakes its head Long afternoon The occasional tapping Of a screen door Long, restless day The white eyes of a potato Under the cabinet Storm front Grckles, sweep In the wind All day rain The sag Of the toddler's diaper Heat wave Kids in the pet store Teasing a rat Roadside diner A fly inches across Distinct hills A wolf spider waits "Against the Woodstove window" Summer heat Slightly storm In the makeshift shelter An Anthill His letter arrives The sound of rain In the cornfield The wait To take a driving test Ants on the sidewalk A street musician Plums at his guitar Hot breeze Summer shower The sour smell of marigolds Along the path Creekside Meditation The play of light On birch bark Summer afternoon The sodas sound Changes as I drink Morning sun A man still sleeping On the pavement Independence Day Next to the floats, ants carry A butterfly corpse Pioneer Ford A rare wildflower graces Each molded bowl Lost in thought The track announcer's voice Drifts over the river Between hills The shimmering heat Reedy Duck Voices Last night's rain The bird bath full Of sparrows New leaves The tree growing Through a roof's remains A boy pitching pennies In the water basin Lowering clouds Summer humidity The circular motion Of the carousel Between innings The joy of the game On my son's face Clearing sky A child washes pebbles In a puddle Ready to garden In the potting shed, she gathers Her love handles Tornado Sky The mockingbird keeps Right on singing Midday train ride Fanning the child With Dr Seuss Summer evening The woodpecker Finishes [Wrinking snow] The distance between Someone else's steps New catkins A moose's behind At the edge of the willows Childhood home The pussy willow Just as it is My tears come Then the sound Spring rain Goose flight My gossipy neighbour Speechless Snowmelt Beaver Dam swept To the River's Edge Early spring Her handpainted Robin In my mailbox House for sale A bluetit tries out All the nest boxes May day Bees collecting nectar From Wilted Azaleas Moonlit Garden The asparagus Overcooked again Falled apples The mare's warm breath In my hand All hallows, Eve The summer people's porch light On all day [Cruthing fog] A little moonlight Crosses the river Geese overhead The dog stops licking To listen Door slammed Her perfume lingers In the frosty air Husking The band of white skin Where Mother's Ring was? A child's magician hat Dust motes float In the moonlit attic Autumn Moon The luminous whiskers Of a cat Willows In river, mist Year's end Snowflakes, whirl In the headlights Ghost stories Temperature rising The basset hound stretches Another inch This downpour Of plum rain I polish the silverware Lazy afternoon Two grasshoppers mating On my sandal Chipmunk In the Hawks, talons An acorn falls Coaster rain Scrubs the potato field The lustre of Crows Screened window (Shortly in and out of view) A woman's face New summer dress The roses in her garden Less symmetrical Wellworn ruts Between the old maples Hand in wrinkled hand First cast Sundance along the line Sinks into the sea Twilight glow A raft of Pond Geese Drides in silence Curb by curve I follow her down The river Summer solstice A school of minnows suspended In the stream Forest Path A spider web Catches my ear Eyes closed To a new morning [Mockingbird] Melody's Not watching the fireworks The big black dog In a child's lap A cool current Where the river deepens? Summer sky Flattened grass Where the bear slept? Stuff of salmon Silent friends meeting The sound of chairs being moved To enlarge the circle Dewpoint The Kleenex flowers wilt On a parade float Taos sunrise A polished pot On the adobe, sill Cutting The red bell pepper Cathedral chambers Fireworks I close my eyes For a second look Porn porch breeze A fluff of puppy hair In the pea hulls The eyes Of a scarecrow Harvest lightning Squatter camp The witchdoctors bones rattle With a passing train Camping out The flashlight beam Lost among stars Dawn The first sunflower Rises over the fence Dawn breeze A song of migrants From the potato field Old beehives In the weeds at the crossing A rumbling freight Enough tracks A stranger and I Looking in the same direction Driving past wheatfields Snipets of Meadowlark song From the fence posts [Still Bridge] Our shadows fall On the rocks Hazy sky The sound of the anchor Lowering Dusk Pelicans and cormorants Share the rocks Searing heat A passing bus stirs The first row of cotton Crossing the bridge The shadow of a gull I never see Right now While we chat Fish in the deep ocean Enough deck The seagull adjusts It's glide Tiny seashells Under the magnifying glass A cut finger Summer twilight The flap of pigeons In a dry fountain Chainlink fences The snowstorm melting Where it fell? Root cellar White sprouts reach for The slit of light Wrapping tulips Her fingertips smudged With yesterday's news At odds today Crowpecked plums In the leafy tree One year gone Crushed rose petals on the soles Of his garden boots Sunday morning A boy digs in the mud That buried a cathedral Old garden shed Climps of dirt shaped like pots The jockey's silks The yellow of a swallowtail I place my bet Soft rain A frog leaps from One leaf to another Start of a journey Peapers stuck In the tire treads Low sun Behind the churchyard [Plumbs of Earth] Early dusk An obituary taped In a used book Full moon The sidewalk curves Around tree roots It's whole body Cawing The crow A dried leaf Slips from her journal New Year's Eve Borried novel A bookmark left Near the end Sance A white moth flutters Above our clasped hands All souls eve Lungs of the Sycamore Through the fog Dying light The faint smell of camphor On old love letters Twenty below The milky way Lined up with the river For the fragrance Brushing tomato leaves Warm August sun Studio window A fly walks From cloud to cloud Summer heat The sticky touch Of blueeyed grass The warbler In a mockingbird's song Summer dusk Latesummer party Her few dance steps After the song ends The sun's warmth Part of the house We seldom use A hawk rising Between canyon walls Layers of heat Bird bath Miles of sky Reminded A circle of teens Playing hacky sack Summer twilight September morning The teacher writes her name On the blackboard Rustle of Bamboo The steady pace of Oxen Transporting fruit Hiroshima Day, a cat pokes and pokes A cicada shell ' Cloudy afternoon, a chrysanthemum blooms In the paperfolder's hand ' Wet summer night One neighbors, cigarette Joins another Apple peelings a slow drip The rain left ' Summer Veranda into an open notebook A few unknown seeds ' Chemo again, trying not to notice The lawns, brown spots ' Afterglow A white heron vanishes In the rising fog Rain on the roof My breath stirs a cobweb In the corner Autumn rain A face in a window Behind rivulets Home from the funeral Finding the cat? In with his shoes Defunct nursery Every dead flower With a marker Twilight breeze, stench from the horse That pulls the carriage ' Getting to know the pine Clotted resin On the seat of my pants Late afternoon, a breeze sweeping Home plate ' Falled rose petals, a Japanese beetle tries To right itself ' Medieval Washington's Hollows in the rock Where their knees were Outdoor concert The smell of grass By candlelight One hundred degrees The neighbor, I don't know Offers me a ride Cicada din A cell phone rings In the willows Summer solstice A climbing rose Button with blossoms Trailhead poppies, but today With butterflies ' A reed hangs From the Swans beak Hot afternoon Gettysburg, the children pause To watch a dove ' Summer afternoon Nuns, giggle In a dim corridor Early sunrise, pink bindweed curled Around barley stalks ' River Bend The slow move Of an eddy Independence Day Slowly, the clouds Drift upstream Blazing sun The shape of her legs Through a thin summer dress Summer school papiermch pigs Sunning on the deck ' Crowing, Cockerel The black cat takes Her morning wash Pieces Of a Robin's egg I look up Green tips of jonquils Grandpa changes the oil In the lawn mower Memorial Day The light blue sky crowded with clouds Baby Spiders Swarm around a knothole summer drizzle ' Tai Chi class breathing deeply Downwind of the Narcissus ' Gentle rain, pigeons murmuring Under the eaves ' Days end A bit of clover Floats in the bath Gleavage stream Shadows of dragonflies Pass over the bridge A doe and two fawns Midstreet, my hand motions go ahead ' Extended drought The wake of a goose Drifts toward shore Summers end the falling ashes From a distant wildfire ' Retirement Party Maple seeds spin slowly To the driveway Dewdrops Magnificent a leaf vein, my heartbeat ' First light, the cows are browsing Frost ' Twilight lingers From the wrecking yard Flash of a blowtorch Autumn afternoon Wind blown leaves Caught by the brush pile A wobbly wheel On the shopping cart, autumn night ' An owl hoots Deep in the hollow coolness along the stream ' Morning, mist The tick tick Of leaves falling End of summer The bumper car glides To a stop Cool, dusk Kookaburra Chatter From a tree's silhouette Insomnia The cat's breathing Deepens Heavy fog Among river rocks A single poppy The Gardener's truck Willow leaves scattering Down miles of highway End of summer The changing sound Of maple leaves First night alone, finally the moon Reaches the western windows ' Foggy morning Through the open window A blur of birdsong Morning dew, darkness of footprints Off the path ' After a swim The rocks, warmth Soaring gull The longest day my lip print fades From her sunburn ' A firefly On my open palm It's moonshadow Kahlo exhibit The guard's face half lit Between two portraits Summer camp studying other peoples Collections of stones ' Ducks, paddling Slowly upriver open drawbridge ' Open air theatre above Oberon and Pk Two bats looping ' Santa Fe Rain Red Chili Strings shine By the porch light ' Late summer, drizzle evening walkers Slow their pace ' Perseids A bat flits Across the yard Feather beds, airing On a balcony, cumulus clouds ' Summer dusk the babel of Mynahs In a banyan ' The long segments Of the big dippers handle Summer fields Haying swallows widen The summer sky ' Dry season The infant in the stroller Sucks his toes Heat lightning A siren Nearer and nearer Summer evening, the scent of fresh loaves As I pass the bakery ' First locust A breeze curls across The ripe wheat The farmer's spit Catches on a thistle, still no rain ' Blooming dresses Showned in the window ( eyebrow) Moon Wintering field Cranes as one Face the coyote Graffiti Wall The rain uncovers A poem Mountain Sunrise The silhouette Of distant firs Stopping here While all around us moves wind in the mist ' Father's silhouette At the Piers end departing Geese ' Westbound train The Winter Sunset Lasts a while Clever dawn Rainbent, Briars Block the trail Spring mist a mallard paddles Through our stillborn ashes ' Evening haze Geese, come up from the pond In twos and threes A change in their voices Children finding A fledgling The ocean, a shallow stream merging Without sound ' Gloomy morning, a worm follows an oil slick Down the gutter ' Fowhorn? The slow roll of a fish On the line Morning frost Stutter Of the rooster Prearing a piece of Birchbark Peels ' Gull's far off In the twilight, calm Lock waters, fall A skipping stone Strikes the moored sailboat Autumn, drizzle Talk of war, my toddler points at swells Before they break ' Cold Mountain Shadow The slow drip of a spring In sunlight The first flakes of snow Drifting down on the wetlands Canada Geese Autumn evening A hedgehog scurries Over cobblestones Twilight lingers From the wrecking yard Flash of a blowtorch Coming home On the train The backyards Crisp air The sound of an ax Across the lake Autumn afternoon, the bride leans In the wind ' Autumn mist the parking meter In a black plastic bag ' Down the train's long aisle Everyone else asleep Prairie flatness A skimming stone Makes the mountains wobble autumn chill ' First, frost On the window ledge, the tea kettle's whistle ' Harvest Moon The groom, Inhales Helium From a white balloon Haloed sun The slight whispering Of tall corn Heat lightning A tangled string The cat left behind Caskets adrift In the flooded cemetery A crow alights Midnight, the window fan dices A train whistle ' After her death Finding the old scar In my eyebrow Summer solstice above the Piazza Del Duomo Sun through a doves wings ' A cicadas long cry Pollen drifts through Twilight woods A snakeskin Tacked to the drying board, midsummers eve ' Her hum, the shapes never changing back In the Kaleidoscope ' Autumn, mist A complete Fantasy Ring Angerous voices The child purrs To his kitten Sparrow's song, the ancient piling Of a Lakedweller site ' (Grassy Hill) A suitcase of dolls Let out to stretch ' A child's shoe Left on the wooden bridge late spring ' River fog The slow creaking Of an anchor line Alone at sunrise A small wave covers My shadow Soft morning rain The island deer stretches For a golden plum Lateday silence The backs of cattle Steaming after rain Covered Bridge The sound of the river Between planks Willow, scent A kingfisher hangs In the air Sharp moon The sound of a cow [ chewing] dry leaves Fireplace, Ash A mouse's journey From hereto there Trayer sounds Mare and foal Touch noses A bicycle Left in the meadow Long shadows Twilight blossoms The Robin's song moves From tree to tree Zen Garden, snow melts In raked patterns ' Dawn Amid bird calls The sound of a broom 7th floor cubicle 9, a butterfly drifts Past the window ' Last light A hot air balloon Dips into the canyon Twilight lingers A coyotes shadow slips Across the neighbor's yard Gold leaves Whisper around the maple Thanksgiving alone Possible remission, bitter wind Shivers, the shutters ' His silence The sounds of rain Becoming hail Pulsing light, the crunch of leaves As the ambulance pulls away ' First snow in each school window A face ' Smell of winter, the Sycamores tire swing Turns in the wind ' Sounds of a downpour I trace the pillow pattern On her cheek Stormy night Hot jelly roll From the Jukebox Morning frost A compost seedling Sparkles Clear Marsh sky, the sound of Geese Drinking water? ' Starlit Lake A stray bobber afloat In the galaxy Black squirrel Spinning into an oak Rush hour wind Outside the Guggenheim The shapes Of real trees Frost Moon An old maple changing The face of it Light snow The cookie sheet warps In the oven Foggy morning A buck looking in My basement window Children scatter Across the schoolyard Leafcatching Dutch canal A swan paddles past A no propeller sign My child's kiss A down feather drifts On the book Quiet morning The delicate balance Of snow on boughs Warm night One moth still bumps The extinguished lamp First cold day The slower pace Of big black ants Gaining an hour I water the marigolds One more time Withering leaves The lawyer to write his will Rings the doorbell Mother's bedroom The silver thimble Catching Moonlight Vacations end A dead cockroach In the bathtub Late summer chill The old headstones trailing back In the pines Autumn Wind Men in wrinkled suits Arguate with the cab driver Warmness of the tea room The colored leaves Turn into themselves Other lights Than our own The milky way Summer drought Next to her rose tattoo A pale blue vein Steps fade Her scent lingers Among thorns Vacu Trail Between here and there Spider working a web Distinct thunder The spindly legs Of a crane fly Scarecrow Still measuring The vast summer sky Opening night The dark rose unfurls It's scent Guided hike Beyond the talk Quiet woods Sharing with a grandchild The secrets Of clouds In the corner The usual spiderweb The usual moth Raindrops A stink bug swings On the halfripe, Berry Year's end This unfinished [Poison] The mourning ends Walking out In new sunlight Approaching rain A second wren tips The tall thistle Garden path The child sorts good rocks From bad rocks Line Drive to Center All faces turn toward The sunflower field January 1st Fresh grave being covered By snow Two red cedars Joined in their early years Grown apart with age Walking the old paths I am again A child Red Dust A little boy sprints the bases Between innings Every now and then He swats at a fly Midday heat Frosty morning The carriage horses Turn a tight circle Used clothes Placed out on the stoop A light snowfall First Christmas My daughter plays With a cardboard box Frost Moon Pairing his wool socks? Warm from the dryer Slightly storm The geese overhead Fade into snowflakes Shopping plaza In the handicap parking Puddles of snow Triming the tree His brother's ornament Nearby the angel Winter evening The last crow flies past Then another The hound howls At his echo Mountain Winter Footprints in the snow Eight candles flickering On Grandma's Menorah Cold snap The rattle of a rake Over stones High noon A cat stares down The chipmunk's hole Approaching Storm A nest of yellowjackets In the scarecrow's belly A Hawk's eye Autumn gusts rattle The beech leaves Shifting clouds An alligator swallows The big yellow moon Recess over Leaves swirl around Children in line A crow On the topmost branch Winter solstice Morning meditation The goldfish Winks Catching a cricket? And letting it go Hunter's Moon Yellow leaves A girl plays hopscotch By herself End of autumn Only thistle Left in bloom Sun brightens the room Christmas cards fastened To a Navajo rug Cold day The teacher untangles me From the lotus position Daymoon The branch of a birch Laden with Crows Nearly sunset The spider shadow moves In the curtain Summer dusk The town hall clock [Whispers] A drunk Early dusk Toward the fingernail moon A vee of Geese Night rain A glimpse of deer antlers Between wiper blades Leaving each shadow? As it was Evening breeze Red berries At the tip of each branch The setting sun Subway stairs The old man climbs In autumn Autumn, drizzle A Terra cotta pot In pieces Autumn Wind Goldfinch feathers cling To the gravel Cry of the finch Wrapped in Hawk talons Strictly seeds Mudspattered pickup Four dogs watch The tavern door Hiking trail A Tarantula and I Back up together Woodland stream Among the sword ferns Quivers of light Business trip ending My shadow pulls a briefcase From the car trunk Thunderclap A squirrel near the feeder Scoops its chest Saguaro, shadow The packrat hiding Something bright River crossing The gap between? Stones Bright summer sun A black dragonfly tests one weed After another How much? Do the neighbors know? My grass grows long Again, I take The wrong way Those violets Cloudless sky A great blue heron wades Through Pond scum Thunder clouds Landing with the first raindrops Darkeyed Junco Spring afternoon The sound of a bee bouncing Off the window Getting to know you A timer goes off In the kitchen [Still Path] Bees swarm between us And the sea Sunlit reeds The slender line Of the bitterns beak Spring rain The measured step Of a Sandhill crane Her laughter A waterdrop slides In the Nasturtium leaf Summer shower My face flows down The windowpane Pear scent From the sake cup Winter Moon Gray morning The icicle grows By another drop Deathbed Out the open window The open sky Just now As my life turns crazy Forsythia Dying embers Nodding off to the sound Of tree frogs Northern lights Filtering through fir trees A distant train whistles Creek grasses Ben Seaward Winter rain New grave A sparrow tugs At a ribbon Passing the church? She gazes upward Spring twilight Early morning A snail In my sandal The slow turn Of a barber's pole Afternoon heat Back at camp The mountain peak Still in my legs Black water A goose paddles Through morning snow Conversation lags Far out on the spindly branch A withered leaf Year's end Her skipping rope Too short New Year's Day An orca leaps Over the gray swell Adding a squawk To the scrabble of mice Rusty hinge Starry night Frost patterns grow From the Windows Edge Winter rain [tufts of moss] On the flagstone steps Winter wind Sandpiper's Chase Their voices Winter sky Three Geese Wheeling Around around Virgin Snow A pine needle enters Point down Frosting the window With our breath [Ticktacktoe] Evening sunrays The tap roots of turnips Left in dry ground Pioneer House The scent of smoke trailing Through the dark rooms October snow clouds The wasp nests outer coverings Flip in the wind Slingshot The pebble misses A star In the tunnel Late autumn fades In the rear view One stroke Splits the log A crow caws Misty foothills A woodpecker scarcely dents The thickspread silence Early bones Between tree roots [Neagles falling] Floodlit sky The wrecking ball swings In and out of darkness Full moon I wonder which state His jet is crossing Evening sun Boys playing cricket On the river bed Nightfall Wingbeats of blackbirds Deep in the thicket Sunrise Meets the shore Wave after wave A breeze Through paper lanterns The dancer lifts her fan Ivy League quad A squirrel gathering nuts Looks me over Old mission Desert wind swinging [Claireless bells] Calm, sea A huge tree trunk Washed up on the shore Our lips touch The surf moves sand Under my feet Summer's end The sound of horseshoes ringing Across the lake Evening light The red dragonfly As still as the riverstone Pale sun Cherry petals drift On the cat's fur Power blackout Frogs, boom In the billabong Bus stop The ladybug on my finger Spreads her wings A clod of earth The worm wiggles Out both sides Damselfly For a moment only The Stayton Creek Willow by the pond One branch stirs It's own reflection Resting blossoms A gardener rakes the sand Across his footprints Warm spring day A nun joins the schoolgirls At skip rope Deep in discussion My father's hands Untangle our fishing lines Heat lightning An armadillo skitters In a ditch Warm kitchen The rise and fall Of friends, laughter First, Valentine In the kindergarten box Smell of fresh paste Back home Trees that I knew In all their seasons Dark river Shadows of Gypsies Around the fire Slipping over morning fields A sunray Catches the hare's urine Raveled, mitten Bird tracks crisscross Patio snow Winter branches A spray of snow From the Magpies tail Dusk The stillness of Swans In a flooded field Spring morning A bird shoots out Of the scarecrows, sleeve On the old Flowering quince A quince Winter sunrise Slowly The cockerel finds his voice Deep summer The sweetsmelling wake Of a hay wagon Winter solstice The flock of starlings Takes a new shape First snowflakes Darkness and my face On the windowpane Light snowfall The tick of an engine Cooling A whinny Stops his shovelling Deep winter Winter rain Preening itself the swan Drifts backwards Morning rush A street sweeper roars Over plum petals A public bench Lit by one street lamp The falling snow The silence After late night snow A pinecone falls Winter blues The gnaw of my boots On old snow Spring snow Under the burnt log A blue lupine First day alone A breeze fills my lap With plum blossoms Crisp morning The yellow cactus Blooms, anyway Late day sun Small pieces of ice floating On the river Ticket reservation clerk A small yellow leaf On his neatly combed hair [Elated shelf] Dusty outlines of books My parents read River of Stars The channel light Flashing green Winter sun A cyclist pedals "Against the wind First snow On the wheat stubble The young fox pounces Maple leaves Packed up at the cabin door Stars in the trees Winter storm A draught rocks the ship In a bottle New moon Lamplight fills the holes In a shotout, stop sign Train whistle In the night, it is music Of far away places A small hoot Moonlight reveals The rest Daybreak Trotting down the sidewalk One gray coyote Foggy morning A Chrysalis clings To the eaves Autumn Creek The Thrush Hops To a smaller rock The storm clears A mockingbird sings In the moonlight Lunar eclipse A white moth struggles In the web "Bloomy words" Last night's tea steeps In the microwave Mountain meadow The fog, the deer In silent retreat Sunrays on the pond Mallards fly single file Toward the horizon Mound of dirt My son asks if ants Bury their dead Sultry afternoon Biting into The bargain cheddar Summer day Shadows of cumulus clouds Rush over the hills A flowerlined path The latchkey kid Let's himself in Tiny bubbles Where the moose was? A cluster of flies Afternoon heat The vireo's endless Question, answer Huge trees in the park A different dog Channing the stick Hot afternoon A finch vanishes Down the chimney Cranberry Bog The lost fawn Visible for miles Warm blueberries A sand path winding In sunset I take the strongest Of my walking sticks First cherry blossoms First kiss The lilac's still heavy With last night's rain Sundance In the tidepool Each grain of sand Incoming tide A crab shell floats under The cormorant shadow Garden path The Apprentice Puzzles over stones Under the fallen log A long slender stem Lavender cyclamen Nodding off A butterfly reflection Glids downstream Red Dawn The discord Of warbling finches Downpour A whelks foot stretches Toward the waves Red wagon The sound of soda bottles Along a pebbled path Snow mixes with rain My mother keeps calling me By my brother's name Headstones Butterfly's move Through the silence Sent back out For something, I forgot Winter stars Winter morning The shower pipes Change pitch Morning stillness First squeak From the squirrel's cage Cloud shadow The volcano Changes shape A wild daisy By grandfather's grave Our son mows around it Spring sky Two magpies fill The pine First light Beacons of water linger On the prayer plant January Rain Catching a glimpse of my son As I pass the school Bluestem grasses Melodyc echoes Of a bugling elk First, spring wash Colours from the sundog Blute through a cloud Nestbuilding A bird carries a clump Of cat hair Winter solstice Outoftown Snow Comes in with the coal train Icy morning A small crackling From the Woodstove Tabletop fountain The doctor's bedside manner In his voice Footlong icicles What to do with the spider? In the fruitbowl New Year's Day My son, let's the tide Seep into his sneakers Window frost The moon Through a thumbprint Her hospital room Snow filling the small field Next to the big one Christmas Eve In the courtyard below A flutter of wings Whitecaps Across the inlet His salty beard New century The neighbors rusty car Still on blocks The rhythmic whirr Of a neighbour's sprinkler Starfilled night Moonrise The German pointer Holds position Grey Dawn The precise strokes Of a crow's wings Winter drive A flight of starlings Pours into the ditch Short day Behind every other sound The patter of rain Sand painting A rain dancer kneels Under the stars Writing table I watch a spoon Gather the dawn Creed Moon The gas pump handle Steers my warmth Winter thunder Startled by a whoosh Of pigeon's wings Long dark road Owl eyes reflect From the Saguaro Rising Moon A slugs path On a zucchini leaf Prairie flowers Gone to seedthe dry flick Of grasshoppers Unseasonable heat A woodpecker In the lightning scar Mountain silence A leaf floats in the gorge Where a boxcar rusts? A locomotive whistle Fills the tea room Evening chill Summer stream A toddler's leaf floats In circles Approaching Storm Minnow's dart In the bait bucket Twilight The meadow Cricketing Falled leaves Solve deeper The hammocks, sag Hermitage A small hole, dug Deep in an acorn Day Moon Dandelion Seeds Drill by Green tea in white cups An oriole holds forth From a high branch My synagogue route From a draped Moslem woman Grandma's scent Sunny afternoon A bee follows wildflowers In my car Enough sandals On the beach Pull of the moon Spring sky The unfocused stare Of a newborn Dead pear tree For ten days each spring It was white with blossom A few snow patches White steer faces peer Above wildflowers A black bear Sunning Daisy Strewn A Cajun song In the evening air Lilacscent [Screen thunder] A snake sloughs its skin In the creekbed Canyon Echo Skycolored asters Among the rocks Hospice terrace The gardener disturbs Winter dust March Moon The melted snow Beginns to freeze Spring wind Even the skunk Smells fine Bluffs in the wind My daughters date Unlocks in the drive Easter, Vigil In our kneeling silence The creak of wood No destination For my evening walk The hazy moon April Fool's Day A skylark's song Way over my head Sunlit jar Beekeeper's gift On the doorstep Lemon blossoms By an open window Sunday, bells Enough park A kite twists In a treetop Spring Moon The baby's heart beats "Against mine" Red Maple "Against the white wall Of the fire station Autumn Stillness She straightens a shelf Of paper cranes Garage sale Unsolved flowers On the kimono Family reunion Rain bubbles burst In a puddle Walking meditation The path Between fallen apples Lending heat The Thirdgrade Classroom One desk short Outside view The azure sky Fits the window frame Autumn Wind My daughter in the back yard Dancers! Twilight in the park Cool seeps out From all the dark places Harvest Moon The scarecrow Wears a tie Evening breeze The spider cuts a petal From its web Between? The chimes of the clock Shooting star Summer's end A broken chair sits At the Waters Edge Red Maple leaves I sip the last Drops of wine Airport wait A onelegged blackbird Adjusts to the wind Autumn Sunset Mississippi backwater Flooded with color Moonlight A spider spins Between the scarecrow's legs End of summer The rust on my scissors Smells of marigolds Autumn sky The perfect blue Of dragonfly eyes Evening train Windfall apples scattered Near the tracks Perseids The space between clouds? For one Finding my way With every turn The full moon Reddening sky The car park empties Gull by gull The shelter of a tree Neither of us knows The other's name After the rain The fields clean shine Watermelons Humid night A small child's crying Wavers to a stop Summer twilight The strolling path dips In coolness Stable summer rain The gull takes a few short steps In the puddle On the beach The tracks of two Lounge chairs Steamed up window With long oblique lines A child draws the rain The indignant cat Has turned its back on me [Ticking clock] Humid night The scarecrow engulfed In grapevines Lake Trout A raven's caw In with the knife Nightfall The shape of his knees In the hanging jeans Hot night Magnolia blossoms In the moonlight No rain Spiders, web the holes In a patio umbrella Hot sun A canoe full of corn grains Losing gold Dusk on the estuary A school of bass break The shallow tide Writing to an old friend A firefly, just outside My window Night music Fightworks mingle With the stars Summer haze The forest canopy Full of holes A thin trail To the spider's nest Wet paint Mammogram Morning snowflakes Stick! Processional Cold wind lifts one corner Of the pall A long breath From the shakuhachi My hands become a bowl [Wrinking snow] The water in its own path Off the path Summer heat The deep red Of his boutonnire Mom's birthday The phone line drops An icicle Funeral bouquet Her monochrome photo Amid pink and purple Small talk with the mailman I sign the receipt For mothers ashes Cottonwood Down Through morning sunlight Our canoe Light breeze An ant moves Among Woodpecker craters Autumn Stillness A magpie shakes seeds From the torch weed Family reunion An assortment of onions In the stew Deep autumn The last Jigsaw piece Snaps into place Winter pasture The gray mare favors One leg Ice floes The wing of a gull Brush's a star Church bells A dragonfly Flying low Getting dark Grandpa searches too long For the North Star The deep curve Of each narrow leaf First snowfall Wildfire, haze! Between the icebergs Blue Wind Evening shadows A mouse, darts From the fireplace Funeral procession The stillness of cotton blossoms In sunlight All that is left Of the mist Memorial stones Winter waves She folds and unfolds Her layoff notice Dewspangled meadow A pickup leaves New ruts Insistent buzz Behind venetian blinds Indian summer Funeral procession The second this week Autumn rain Walking back with my answer Her feet change the leaves Under the maple Autumn Hague A monk in saffron robes Rake's the sand October sun My wife pins hydrangeas To the clothesline Indian summer A maple leaf drawn back In the eddy Path to the bridge The usual leaves And acorns Colors of autumn The Russian alone is enough For a heart lift In the midst Of autumn trees, the one Autumn Tree Afternoon heat The Beggar's book Without a cover Mountain Ginko All the haiku A little breathless Forest fringe One fallen leaf Changes the landscape Harvest Moon The dog brings A dirty sock to bed Cold rain One squirrel backs another To the branch's end Twilight Three magnolia seeds Left in the pod Autumn Wind Mustang's sniff At the dry waterhole Harvest Moon The silver trunks Of dead trees Preparing for war A chimpunk chatters From a lowhanging branch Dexter unit The apple leaf curls in From both sides Snowladen Cherry A broken branch Dropping blossoms Morning song The orange ring Round the blackbird's eye Reclusive neighbor Spellmint from her garden Comes over to mine [Whispering waves] Red feet of a puffin Paddle the air Egret For its landing on the river A giant lily pad Sunrise The goldfinch continues It's song One wing Folded against the other Colors of a dead butterfly Dark clouds A blanket of purple nettle On the Indian mound Low tide A shorebird's call Rises from the mud Morning, Hague She tries Jasmine In her hair Midwinter Doldrums The stone angel With a handful of snow Starlings leave The leafless tree The silence Starless night A slice of stale bread Divided by five Lheure bleu I find my house When the neighbors dog barks Melted snowman One white cloud drifts Across the puddle Ice moon An elk touches its tongue To the salt lick Twilight shadows Pruded from the honey locust Cold wind Winter storm Growing puddles Of candle wax Winter morning The rattle of a shuttle Across the white threads Her gravestone The smooth place No longer there A bull's eye On a cardboard box Autumn Hague Moonstruck The circle of calm After a seal dives First snow A schoolgirl twirls With a friend Winter solstice Moving the scale To a lighter place City Lake On the transparent ice A brick Autumn, dusk The bright end of a log Between pines Starry night One after another Deep autumn crickets Drawn to the train In the toy shop window Snow flurries Winter light Smoke shadows drift Over the water tower New Millennium A bed of volcanic rocks In the aquarium Ocean calm The huge red sun touches It's reflection First autumn rain Under firs, summer lingers In scented dust White Lilies The parish priest Beginns to speak Autumn foliage Some old friends Remarry Pink morning light A dying monarch struggles From cupped hands Autumn vacation Clouds in the blue sky Unmapped and nameless Just a tinge Of red in the leaves Evening crickets No name on her plot I move the flowers about Bare grave to bare grave Morning chill The blind girl tells me the stones Sound sharper than usual White sand raked smooth One persimmon One dent Late from break The dash through bees and clover In heels Sunday morning Ants on the rim of my Coffee cup Heat lightning The heron's toes (Grip) Dead wood Park twilight A light comes on By itself The fog lifts Ripened tomatoes Weight the trellis First brushstrokes Texture the white Gesso Daybreak The wildflowers That shook the day piled In baskets Dubious afternoon Waterdrops slide In waterdrops Evening walk A merrygoround turning In the fog Tangled seaweed Two raccoons, Tussle Over a clam Cold sky A trolley headlight Creaking the hill Cold morning rain A poor man takes a doll From the trash bin Snowmelt In the stumps, hollow A sparrow bathes Concrete carport A swallow fledgling peeks From its mud nest Across the street A gust of wind glistens With Gingko leaves Brought wind A withered hops vine Curled around the trellis Gathering winter violets A helicopter shadow Stops my hands Night rain The small serrated song Of a frog Designing ripples? In the sunlit fountain April Wind Over the top Of my sunglasses Blue sky Christmas Eve The monks frosted window [Kennel's a star] Low clouds Orions feet Disappeared Clouds of a cold front The star i'd been wishing on Winks out Leather gloves In the rafters, a barn owl Closes its eyes White cat Moving her black kitten Moonlit snow Dark woods An owl glides out In Moonlight "Dream Road" Coyote skins draped over A snowy fence Winter rain Tried to the gate A yellow balloon New winter moon Three star, Magnolia, blossoms Lend their light Winter night My cat Kneads me Remembrance Day The thin sound of a bugle Wavers in the rain Leafless trees And beyond them, leafless trees And the highway The Bobcat The doe Only my eyes move On her shoulders The family rests The scarecrows crows Cold and windy Some with some without Acorn caps Winter chill Old goose feathers drift On the village pond December, Deluge Washed downstream Everything but the moon In the dusk That ends a century A roosting bird Frosty morning Our slightly formal Greetings Bird feeder Again, the squirrel comes back To check Biting wind The pink plastic flamingo Turns south Solstice moon The sheen of new ice In the birdbath Millennium, Eve Twisting the bottle To a slow pop The long pause Between her wish and Tossing the coin Night heron Rising from its nest of sticks The wind Autumn rain On a telephone wire Someone's jump rope Pond spillway Slowly through fallen leaves A mottled snake Autumn, dusk A strip of yellow crime scene tape Flutters in the wind Openair concert Flute arpeggios pour down From flickering stars This cool morning Enough dewdrops for tea Issa? In a puddle A leaf with a puddle In the middle Autumn Sunset A wood storks, pink feet Refusing, silt The drunkard Tried to keep to the path Falling leaves Hakeblurred Horizon A painted bunting hovers In the sea oats curve Deepening Deepening into the sea Twilight sky Art studio A red Amaryllis Leans On the windowpane Snake skin Caught on a blade of rock Windless day Sunset heat Distinct loon wings Slap the lake Smooth stones Waves rinsing off the rain Rain rinsing off the waves Early warmth In the backyard, a flicker Pokes among rocks Someone sobbing The watering can Full of rain Passenger, why hurry? The dogwood blossoms Are in full bloom? Evening star Children's intimate whispers Before they reach home Night of stars All along the precipice [ goat bells] Ring Dawn light The bare shadow of a tree Flickers on the wall Snowed in The sound of my tea bag Stricting January sun The long pause between icicle drips Thin ice Morning sunrays enter The river Wooden roof Stillness seeps in With the cold Winter sunlight The pattern of old wallpaper Showing through Stable snowfall Reading and rereading My daughter's letter Clever morning A patch of bright light Under the Rhododendrons Song sparrow Again and again No answer Waterfall The passage of a floating leaf Slowed by wind Winter sun She wraps up her hair In a colored scarf Harbor stillness A gull feather alights On sunset colors The stutter Of the kettle heating up Snowflecked Camellia New grass Two white horses Touching necks Autumn, Ruth The bull elks bugling echoes And reechoes Day ending Without sunset night coming Without stars Early winter light A flock of starlings rise From the shadows Creed Moon Moths come touching Spikes of the iris Twistdin Barn BlackBerry cane In full bloom Birdfeeder Still full when we return Autumn chill Two ravens Talking on the edge Satellite dish Turn of the century Meditation mat Unrolled as usual Kitchen table Wild flower bouquet Beer bottle vase Birdbath The rising sun Splashed with bluejays Bend in the road The plodding turtle Curbs its neck Along with the tide A ribbon of kelp Fishes itself ashore Bamboo in snow But for a sung painters art I'd have passed it by Passing sailboat? The Jetty Cormorants Outstretched wings Rising sun A gull high in the space Between us Roses, I meant to pick Their golden petals Taken by wind Digging For the shovel Winter Dawn Winter sunshine The yellow kitchen Even more welcoming Frosty night The drip of sap In a bucket Milking hour A whitish mist moves Toward the moon Autumn picnic Down the leafstrewn table Daddy Longlegs Valley Oak All the colors of fall In a single leaf Streel wind Shadows of things Stretch on the street Starry night Fragments of conversation Drift over new snow Hawks Circle The sound of a tedder Turning hay October Wind From inside the peach The smell of rain Morning glory Gentlemen Opens the gate A cloud moves On the moon, crescent The thinness of it Clever wind A Marmot whistles From the moraine Winter morning sun On yellow stucco The church bells of Florence Cracked ice The Eagles tail feathers Spread wide apart Black ice A snow swirl from the lake's edge In slow motion Winter sunset High in the willow An egret Cold, clear night After the candle flickers out Blue Moonlight Taking the stairs Two at a time Snowlight on the ceiling Winter barnyard Cows in the sunlight "Hear in the shade" Winter bee Working a burial wreath The twentythird psalm Quaker meeting Through stovepipeheated air The world shimmers Fireplace shadows The smell of melted snowflakes On loden cloth Constant wind The icicles more curved With each drip A stone well [ thick moss muffles ] The buckets clank Frozen fog A sparrowhawk clings To the Aviary wire Below zero Her casket descends In its hole February sun On the graveyard wall I warm my hands Cold sun The wild currant blossoms Red fragrance Snowmelt on a familiar road Stranger's names return To mailboxes Record cold The salesman's bible Open on the counter For a grave Next to his loved one The extra daffodils A circle of light Cupped around it in the snow Purple Crocus Valentine's Day Dropping coins into the wishing well Our reflections merge Wooted boots Everywhere the gurgle Of freshets Darknesses within The outlines of shadows Midnight deer Morning frost The moon too Is melting? First snow I twist the tea bowl To see its old design Silver vixen Moonlit snowflakes float In her cage Christmas morning The croak of a crow From across the fields Through the empty Wine glass on the sill The moonlit sea Strawman Morning sunlight glitters On his coat of ice First stars A snowflake slides From an eyelash Blizard! Sticking out of a drift? The Snowman's arm January Rain At the edges of my nap The old cat kneading Pond reflection It's only wind That puts on wrinkles Courthouse Pond Goldfish weave through light Among the reeds Her tiny hand "Against the attic roof Heavy rain Unfinished garden Diet growing On a wrought iron fence Eye fixed On the changing sky A dead sparrow First raindrop In the pond, a lily pad Wobbles Rainy morning While getting the paper The smell of a skunk Trinket box The old roller skate key Warms in my hand A rusted truck The wheel well's filling With rhubarb Evening rain I braid my hair In the dark Mountain Forest Only the sound of Snow melting Sea, mist The scent of the night It spent in the pines Spring rain From the woodshed A hens cackle Bus stop Under a mango tree The squeak of fruit bats The stranger's binoculars From hand to hand Chicks in the heron's nest Late night walk Swollen in spring, mist The lights from the bridge First, Camellia Along a stony path In the morning fog Last night's rain Cupped in a banana leaf A small green frog Click of the latch A painted lady flutters Between screen and window Slightly gust The young starling Fans, it's tail Someone whistling In the dark Hazy Moon! Through the rain A riff of Birdsong Camellia's half open First snow Footprints from an office building Veer off toward the park Cold dusk My thoughts pass through A crow flying by Moonlit door The cat's ears point To the dark Church door locked A hollow sound Answers my knock Strangled jellyfish Stomaching sand Winter Moonlight The blue herons Six foot wing span folds A breeze smoothes the willow Writing letters The cry of a night bird Near my house Lost at night On a country road Falling stars Winter sunset In the shrimp boat's wake Pink pelicans Kitchen sink Treasures from the beach In a smelly heap Sun after rain The bare crabapple Luminescent Late summer downpour The garden drain spewing Rose petals Night breeze The lake held still By waterlilies Alpine, meadow I lean on my walking stick To pick blueberries Small town square Old men brush the leaves From a checkerboard Eye of the Storm Deep in the current A gold leaf turns Straw of wind Through a plastic pinwheel The toddler takes a step Skinnydipping The pale backs of city boys In the moonlight Shadows and veins 'String a red leaf One brush stroke The deeply cut leaves Of a Japanese maple Another goodbye Winter Wood In with a hawk Slightly silence A long detour Around Cloud Mountain Mudcaked boots A mind of its own The gate to the school yard In the spring breeze Lazy day Our wrist watches On the ice chest Feadened weeds Wiking them over and under Spokes of the basket Summer sunbeams Through the gym's high fan blades The world of dust Shade tree Spreading my jacket Between bare roots Humid afternoon Flat on our backs in the grass Analyzing clouds Summer photograph After cutting my son out Only sky and sand Buttontobumper Late afternoon sunlight On weed flowers Heat lightning All the way into Mexico The mountains rise Spring Ritual Pulling out roots to make room For roots Wedding vows Butterfly's flicker in the light Of a church window Birdwatcher Is it a male? Or a female Bright spring morning The kitten backs away From the coffee cup Spring sun In the shadow of a bucket A black button Shrove Tuesday I confide my sins To a white butterfly nourished by crude seeds Yet how beautifully? The song sparrow sings Caranda Flowers The twin tracks Of a car The day no post comes A worm writhes On the garden path 'Sale in the woods I turn my head To sneeze Spult milk Spreading along the grout lines Morning chill From fresh mud The white moth rises Early spring A persistant whistle In the grosbeak's song The fading moon Kids find pokemon In the blossompetal patterns The raindrenched wall Sunlit Garden The scent Of my straw hat His grave A butterfly lands On a plastic flower Desert mist One sidewinder takes its place Alongside another Distant traffic, hum The stone Buddhas Mossfilled crevice Spring snowflakes Melching as fast as they fall These daydreams Oarscoop, Whirlpools Spin behind the boat Calm, spring day First communion Blooding hearts sway Besides the path Midday Deep in the agave Light and shadow The thirdnote rise Of a towhees song Purpure breeze Dwindling light In a small child's hand The first fallen leaf Grey morning The slow beat of a heron "Against the wind Boase truck A cowbell swinging From the Guard Rail Bright sun The redness of the fox "Against the snow First day of spring At the Snowbank's Edge A muddy puddle Shadows fade In a glowing fog bank Winter Geese First Snowflake Shivering of the universe On an eyelash Beyond the gate The stretch of sky goes Uninterrupted Spring, equinox Moonshadow deepens The creek Morning stillness Sundance dapples The ropes of the swing Rain and more rain Ripping off the month Two days early In the corner Just the warm sun And the rocker Glass of lemonade Wind leafs through the book Left on the railing Sunset Waves break In darkness The dull clack Of a channel marker Button, dune grass [ clock face] The precise shadow Of a small spider Reading the paper? The dog sniffs My shoes Blank drawing pad A violet damselfly Resting at the edge Moon gazing The crossing light changes Back to Red Ocean fog Hunched on the white road sign A small white heron Days lengthen The Amyllis topples Under its own weight First Father's Day ' Without him Rickety Fence A spring calf stretches toward Younger grass Before the curtain The drama of schoolgirls In the audience Summer clouds A child scatters popcorn On the fish pond A spring wind Coins in the cup Of a sleeping beggar Churchyard, clover Around our shadows Brighter green Fireworks The whiteness Of her throat Tornado watch Three Violets poking From a fire ants nest Heavy rain Biking one into another Purple Hollyhocks Croft A butterfly flits Through a wicket Prairie darkness Our motorcycle following The North Star "Bloomy cold" The distant train pulls Some of my night with it Sunny spring day Cat meowing to no one In particular Freshly turned earth In the palm of my hand Radish seeds Dandelions A lone runner Circulating the field Whiter still On the moonlit windowsill Easter, Lily Slanting Rays In the Paloverde blossoms Warm breeze Stone wall Between two rocks A bleeding heart Cooking together? The rosemary and garlic From our garden Spring evening A heron moves slowly north Piercing the pond Morning sun Gone from a cabinet The old bowls Twilight The scent of orange blossoms Lenders Too bright To contain itself Ring around the moon Cold wind The crow leans To caw A late snow Someone (sighs) Just now it comes In the tightfurled poppy buds A looser look Spring, Hague A sparrow finishes The RedPolls song Dry trees The wind sharpens It's sound "Bloomy cold" The Juniper Berry parts The Jays beak And after such a year The first crocus In its usual place Reminded In the muddy puddle Plum blossoms Ribboning through The bed of pansies Pale green, gartersnake With added wrinkles The paper, Samurai Acknowles its pose Village Common The newly painted clock tower Missing its hands Gentle wind A silkworm spinning On its thread Old Pond Reluctant I dip my net Low sun The glass blower twirls A tearshaped vase Cicada at noon On the mountain trail Summer's end Long afternoon A fly rides The pendulum Bench in the woods [Elevated] Except for my thoughts Evening approaches The wildflowers she picked Somewhere in her book Down in the sunken garden The last lantern Flickering Dark June night Bulls bellowing Echoes across the hollow Ocean Horizon Touching the curvature Of a white shell Summer day Walking barefoot beside Grandmother's footprints A flatbed Transporting scrap metal Summer heat Sundance on the wall Brushing against the yellow My deep blue shadow Parking lot at dawn Gulls roosting among Upturned shopping carts Morning sun The peach's blush Deepens near the pit noon sun Pickle cheese Sweating! A roadrunner stops It's tail still fanning Midday heat "Rasps of light" Across an oak plank floor The wheelchairs wobble Hump and screech The long freight pulls out In Robin's song Standing waves The tide's quiet way Up river Cloudy day The fallen purple petals Of the azalea Spring night One leg over The blanket A snagged lure Dangles from the deadfall Sunshine on the hooks Wind bursts the peonies Only a few strewn petals Land in pairs Ebb tide The shell I keep reaching for Carried further away Sunday, bells The first ripe, Mulberry Sweetens the shade Summer solstice Spiting cherry pits In the river His ninetyseventh The white peony nods In table sunshine Saturday A single sailboat In the shipping lane Drunk on the beach The Moon in my sake cup Disappeareds Waterfall, mist Sunrays spread out In the woods All the way home The wind at my back New Year's Day Propped on the porch A brand new pair of crutches Stable spring rain "Still of wind" The candy wrapper tacks across A puddle Exemplary skull Boos For the rabbit's ears An old woman's garden Jasmine spills over The stone fountain Daffodil The splatter of sleet In its cup Spring sun Raindrops On the red camellia Wind in the tree Tree in the wind Blue sky Too young To own a cottontail Our silence Twilight The parked tractor Still warm That dull gleam Through the Haky Park A playhouse window The shallows Pond grass connected To the moon Setting star The mountain rises Black with night Mist across the lake A loons, Tremolo Slips through Winter fog The Horn of a Freighter Heading out to sea? [ thick haze] From a burning hillside Moonrise Balmy night Pushing the crocheted throw Back to her side Morning fog Down by the Bayou a heron Spears a fish 'Sale again Counting an odd number In the skein of Geese Snowcovered mountains I return my wristwatch To the travel bag Summer Moon The sound of eggs Coming to a boil Moist larvae Slightly fits of motion In the rain barrel Outside the door I leave them there The dog, the fleas Country Road By the sharp left turn A white cross Trayer overturned Gathering crowd Arms folded Grinding sumi ink Rain spatters, dust On the skylight Rainstorm In the car, the rescued dog [shakes] Twilight The only car ahead Turns off Border town Its shadows creep beneath The barbed wire fence The auctioneer Pauses for breath Ponys loud, snort A curtain billows Before the rain Smell of roses Rumble of thunder The colt dances stifflegged Across the pasture Sunrise Among the silent Earth movers A fawn Gas station One wornout hiking boot Besides the trash can Summer heat An old man's flirtation Turns to a yawn Sea oats A beachball blows Between dunes Moonlit beach A sandcrab emerges from Under the castle moat In Sycamore Shade The buzzing summer A moment still Summer evening The girl who forgot my name Is laughing again? Enough beach house A seashell left On the windowsill Her answer tatters away With the wind A seagull's cry Every night This stretch of road Honeysuckle A common wire fence Then a western tanager Sits there a moment Up to their necks In lawn daisies The robin, the worm Discussion with friends Motionless fish In the aquarium Reaching a wide stream The trail continues On the other side Pine tops "Against deep twilight A Bobwhites call Flowering crabapple In and out of morning sun The Lark's song May sun The door opens Before I knock Breezy afternoon Dandelion Ghosts Float past the daisies Stable current The great carp opens And closes its mouth Smell of pines A wind from the hill Leads me home Heads down The sunflower The finch New dock The snowy egrets stride Unified The gold light Of an autumn day The autumn sea Pale sun The frozen river holds Deep shadows Casino Its light fades away In the dawn Late August The way the Spiders Web Bows with each gust Darkened Garden On this night of No Moon The white eggplant Sturbbled Rice, Paddy The white heron's harsh cry Has no echo Winter Desert Our breath Speaks for us A patch of coltsfoot Amid roadside debris The overcast brightens Country kitchen Stray strands of cornsilk Glisten in the sun One rock for my garden A thousand ants Rescueing eggs AWESOME of coal cars Honeysuckle climbing The train yard fence Electrical storm My daughter practices The letter's Siren's nearing A sudden breeze sways The basket of cactus Sultry day Boys on their wheels Making the wind blow? Stones stacked Inside the wheelbarrow A firefly's glow Midday heat Taking it in The White Gardenia Between the rafters A dollsized trunk of clothes The heat Bouquet of roses She slips into Something else Summer stars missing The dark shape Of the dark lighthouse Morning dew A circle of fallen petals Under the peony Summer morning The kitten ignores itself In the fulllength mirror River rocks Turtles, sunning In tiers Alpine, meadow Knieling to photograph White heather Dispatched bones The dog puts on the scent Of the dead Twilight Words in the margins Of sketchbook trees One straw Longer than the others Spunny bale Adrift Casting a bright line In shadow Traffic wind In the blackeyed susans A dead bear Humid night The depth of purple In the shadows Summer Moon Dangling on her sleeve A silver button Swing gate Rain fills Your footprints Cats sunning I speak their names Their tails twitch Transient asleep At the Fountain's Edge Coinlight on his cheek A long line At the drinking fountain Ants Clouds billow The island bridge swings open For one ship Sultry day A lizard rides my finger To the aloe leaf Oprahilous heat A bird emerges From a puffy cloud Linging day A garbage can lid Becoming first base Summer breeze The crisscross of gull tracks In damp sand Record heat The jade plant slumps over A few yards from the hose Sucre Sunset The dragonfly rises From a lily pad Hot night The moth fans a breeze Through the screen Slightly gust The book opens to a poem I like even better Approaching Storm The young blackbird struggles With a worm Summer rain Cat draped Over the footstool Summer, lethargy Between faucet drips The ticking of the kitchen clock Sound of a bomber Wind is striking The pulleddown blind Summer begins The underground sprinkler head Rees a rock Downpour All the puddles Wash away Leisurely gossip Our neighbors dog Snaps at flies This heat Only the shadows Move! A broader path I rake away my footprints With the yellow leaves Staple glass The fleeting shadow Of a bird Stable rain I fall short of being the human I wish to be Wild Iris The water leaks From a cracked vase Morning stillness A dandelion seed [Hovers] Old Broom Half swept away With the dirt A gust of wind Finally, knocks the scarecrow out Cold Spring rain A puddle at the end Of the hopscotch ladder This bright day The empty house Of my mother Fluttering breeze The moth sticks its legs Through a screen Dew, drop On a dusty grass blade The ant backs up Dexterous foliage The full strawberry moon Makes a path At the edge Just as I let my hair down The blue heron flies Changing frost patterns On the windowpane Winter sun Leaving She uncoils the morning glory From the garden gate Distinct lightning Followed by the sound Of a cricket October Moon A waterstrider, dimples The gilded stream Boarded window Of the tarot reader Autumn evening Coughing and spitting In the morning, glories Then off to work again November Wind One leaf pauses At each sidewalk crack Morning stroll Unshared thoughts float off With the withered leaves Summer's end Running out the ivy With both hands Tumbleweeds Stopped by a fence The milky way Ocean swell Crossing the moonlight? The bow lifts Busy freeway Squanded on the shoulder An orange hard hat First stars The swoop and soar Of swallows On the roof late My brother hammer's nails In the moon Carillon Bells The stone Buddha's eyes Remain closed Geese in formation Rushhour traffic Merging New chanterelles Along the fallen spruce Wren Song Pancake Moon A silos silver cap [looms] Out of the fog Armistice Day An old soldier dozing On the stage Autumn The church steeple reappears In the blue sky Summer clouds The faraway look In a stranger's eyes Dusty Trail The same thoughts As yesterday Summer's end As the stream turns Colored leaves follow End of summer Outside the bookstore Paperbacks curl Gladiola, frond Silence of a cricket On the other side Wilderness Trail The manicured poodle Still on a leash Base of the falls A rainbow Breaks into foam The river The town also spilling out Of the mountains Early autumn The little girl next door Turns forty today Full moon Half dark, half light The sea Washed windows A place to splatter The spring rain The child's face Speckled eggs In the abandoned nest Thunder Clap! The twins Jump! Early morning The slanted shadow Of the pink house Tornado Warning The sprinklers Tinyhiss Winding garden path A little girl splashes through Multicolored puddles Red plums Her steady hand slips Between the bees Dawntinged window A cicadas w e l l's In its song Summer heat The Golden Retriever's breath On my leg Sheen of web Across a shattered pot The barns splintered light The young cat Follows each sound Knitting needles New Year Caled above the rice paper The inkblackened brush Throwing off the comforter? Storm windows, rattling In the nursery The day's first bull Trots into the ring Snow on the mountains First raindrops The neighborhood dog and chainsaw Stop! Rusty stovepipe Leaping blue woodsmoke Winter sky Night wind One star in the bare crabapple Comes and goes Houseflies On the windowsill Dead of winter Headwind The heron sideslips In the reeds All around The parking meter Spring rain Storm clouds, brew A crone on the mountain road Draws tight her black cloak Ready to carve? A smile on it This orange moon Harvest Moon Migrant kids eat the bread Wretched to the crows November, Wanes The farmer's pet gander Honks at the moon Snow Moon A white mantle On the scarecrow's coat A steady drizzle The pitchfork in the bale Slowly, darkens Mischief night The orb weaver waits At the edge of its web Smokescented air A squirrel burrows In the woodpile Turning his wheelchair To face the window Falling leaves Fireplace heat In my socks Winter morning Dragonfly The Tai Chi Master Shifts his stance Open windows The sound of a distant train On a sleepless night Inlaw's visit A red dragonfly lands In the white lily Moon on the lake Someone has stolen All my clothes Tossing and turning All through the night [Mockingbird Song] Morning fog The scent Of Euucalyptus Thinking about you? The remarkable redness Of this tomato A maple seed Floats in the millpond Deep blue sky The cat Reworks his litter Summer dusk All Saints Day The rooster crows Again and again Garden path In the space between thoughts The first drop of rain Fleeting sunlight On the doorknob, warmth From a stranger's hand Full moon She nurses her infant In the garden Evening shadows Picking blackberries? Through barbed wire A desert wind Singing at the trailhead? Purpure sage Cricket, chorus In the deep gravel ravine Jewel weed Early morning The rain falls lightly On waterjar lids Indian summer My bookmark A yellow leaf Prison sunset In coiled razor wire A sparrow's nest Mountain Path Growing out of a stone wall One white flower Wilted Garden A beetle drops In a fissure The end of summer A seagull and I Share the sandbar Smooth stones The coolness of water Held in their shapes Graveyard Pictures of ancestors Washed by rain Hawthorn? A neighbor names The tree by my door Music class The fan blows his notes In all directions Warm sunlight In deep green leaves The Arrow's Path City Park Children gathering coins In the dried lake Retirement home Unfinished Jigsaw Puzzle On the corner table August Moon No one speaks Of the humidity A briefcase Flung open on the table "Davidual orchids" At the zoo A whistle moves The Wolf's ears With the mower off I expected to hear More Dawn Shades of grey break In Birdsong Spring sunrise The empty green bottle Fills with light Call from an old friend First Hummingbird At the Fuchsia Easter morning She unwinds her rosary From the Buddha's shoulders Grave diggers Deeper into the hole June, sun Ice Storm ended A cardinal singing In the bent birch Puddled field The cat finds sunlight On a fence post Cancer again The slope Of his shoulders Waiting! Dandelion fluff Solves on the table June breeze A hole in the cloud Mends itself Back and forth Leaf shadow weaves Over the loom Grandmother Giving chase again The fat turkey Deserted beach Missing a child's Hand to hold Deep winter A man outside the market Feeds crows from his hand Ax and pine With every chop A higher sound Autumn gusts The ragged flight path Of a grey heron Bubblegum on my shoe The little girl in the red coat Skips to school Lightning Storm Bridge card's facedown On the table Northern lights These problems Suddenly small Winter rain "Against the window The cactus has flowered Uphill Trail The scarred trunk Of a giant sequoia [Elastic corner] Slowly, the moon leaves The dust Autumn afternoon The tombstone Stapled to a dolly Yellow raincoats Farm workers picking The last of the peppers Cherry tomato The scent from its leaves lingers On my fingertips Thistledown My thoughts carry me Back to sea noon "Stolewells sway" With goldfinches Lunch break A blue dragonfly lights On the sawhorse Sultry evening A peacock's plaintive cry Across the flooded field Yellow Jasmine Arriving chickadees Shake out perfume Overcast morning The last of the tomatoes Line the windowsill (Slight breeze) All the colors telegraphed Along a spider's line Closing time Zoo animals smaller Than their shadows Dressed for church The perfume Of the garden In the parking lot A rose petal has arrived From nowhere special "Mirrory warm" This one perfectly ripe Wild, BlackBerry Twilight beach A wave takes half The lover's heart Summer night After the fireworks The smoke Long sermon In the roof beams Cobwebs flutter Between thumb and forefinger A raspberry Full of morning sun The salad bars Long metal tongs Dining hall, coolness Fourth of July In the fireworks glow A Sumie Mountain First thunderclap Our neighbor stops [hammering] "Eternal space" Lungs of the bare oak reach The farthest stars Blue morning light At the writing desk The rain falls harder Where nobody cares Growing with green vigor The sumac One limb at a time The Falcon calls her fledglings Nearer to flight Knocked off by rain Camellia's bloom again In the puddles Horse trough A cowboy chips away The winter The bell rings Again, the playground fills With pigeons Cliff Trail A Raven's broad shadow sweeps The Greening Valley Wobbly legs The stray kitten plops In a purr Bumbled by a bee Rugosa rose petals fall Through the breathless air September morning Again, my breath rises To an open sky Approaching Gale? The beach grass sweeps circles Deeper in the dune After the hurricane Most of the moon Gone! Night of stars The rhythm of my boat Across the swells Yellow Moon The smell of woodsmoke On the wind That glittering point In the distant Evergreen A dewdrop Hurricane Path A layer of green covers Early autumn leaves Such sharp edges The few red leaves on a branch Of Euucalyptus River The moon slowly ripples Abroad Collected fog The raveled fringe Of her scarf The frayed rope Swings back into the shade Country swimming hole Cuddled In the revolving door Autumn leaves Pineneedled path Slowly, I step Out of my mind Evening Our paddles drip In liquid sunset The Garden by Moonlight Only Jasmine And white roses Kudzu creeps Through the shack's roof Stable rain Early cranberries The worker's hats Bob up and down Stopped! On the iron fence Dove feather Patterns on the lake The moment before They become trees Enough well The bucket filled With rainwater Slave cabin Hidden by acres and acres Of sugarcane Slightly gust The sunflowers Turn their backs It lifts its head The woolly bear caterpillar In autumn wind November night With the sound of pelting rain The barking dog No sign Where two roads meet? Iris Blooms Offshore birds A flock swerves and vanishes In the glitter of waves Beach of shells A fisherman casts In the sunset Dark waters, Crest Tied to an old oak A wooden casket That four o'clock bird Strangers We share the dawn [Telerleaf exit] A swell of swallows In twilight The kite soars To the end of the string Indigo sky Sunset The butterfly and I Just in time Indian summer The groundfall, Pear Warm in my hand All Saints Day Surviving Pumpkins Covered in frost Ink long faded From the wooden grave marker Fog rolling in Drifting Gingko leaves All of my yellow pencils Wrived down to nubs On withered boughs [Slightly] Simmers of light The pale ringed moon The sound of rakes In a neighbor's yard Fingernail Moon Autumn breeze Evergreen's lowest branches Brush fallen needles A bell moves In the fog The tops of cows Whisper of ink In the brush water Early dusk Autumn chill The garden hose ends In a puddle of ice Cloudless day The hollow sound of the Woodpecker's knocking Autumn, sunlight Beacons of holy water arc Toward the casket Sunset Gonesome clouds Fade on the river Night fills in slowly Between the dark branches Autumn, Equinox Desert night Beyond the silence Heat lightning New milkweed pods One tie goes up and down Under the freight train A great blue heron Wading through autumn colors One step at a time Stillness In the lava bed A Hawk's shadow Don't move The harvest moon is balanced On the pine Gray Day Smoke from a mill meanders Over the river Cormorants near Dusk Perched over the tidewater All hunched, all black The flute's first notes Three lavender petals fall From the arrangement Last sunbeam On the mossy boulder Cricket's chirping A leaf falls From the greenhouse, ficus Clap of thunder Early morning fog Waving goodbye To a school bus Cold drizzle Black Bird's pace The asphalt roof Taste of sunshine On a yellow pear One raindrop How still I am? Waiting for the storm? How still the bamboo? Humid summer night The small town casts a glow On slowmoving clouds Coffee brewing The Swiss Swiss swish of tires Through autumn drizzle Rainy day A trail of bright leaves Through the school foyer Not a laughing mouth A bent bow or an eyelash The slender new moon Asses to ashes Clinging to the fingers Yellowish clay Baby's giggle The way a laugh changes Two faces Soft breeze The rhythm of wind chimes And northern lights "Chatribe" The lingering scent Of Jimson Wheed Shady sidewalk An acorn lands In a Hopscotch Square A moment Near the woodcarvers hands Hummingbird Moonlit Camellias Caf conversations spilling In the street Stillness Of the lava bed A Hawk's shadow Stormwater "Stolewells" In a blue vase October stroll The shadow of moms cane bends Over cobblestones Carefully unwrapped The favorite ornament Ling in pieces A moth Has extinguished the icon lamp Shining stars Breath rising The church steeple bathed In Moonlight Chained dog It's white breaths lengthening In the wind White winter light Deep among pines The mule deer doze Snow flurries Candlelight moving From window to window Christmas Eve Listening to the snow Fall! Outstretched necks A pair of Tundra Swans Running on the lake Above the harbor Clear blue sky Arctic wind Quiet, so deep You can hear the swan Crook its neck A quiet street Bright yellow leaves settle on An empty bench Dusk The tamaracks, yellow needles Slightly in the grass Revolving door A gust of holiday laughter Warms the sidewalk Thanksgiving pie The first long curl falls From Grandma's apple peeler Our teen out late Through his window Orion Wind, funnel Whirling leaves across the drive My neighbor waves her rake Recycling box Back inside With leaves Small town market The clerk chooses coins From an older man's palm Sunless sky Quietly, the river enters The Wild Woods December 19 Rows and rows of mailboxes With their red flags up Bark Becomingwhimper? Becomingnight Frostwarning Sleeping'mallard' [opensoneeye] Bitingwind Agapin Thepicketline Allsaints Hands Inmypockets Mypoems Thewoodcarvers [ pileofchips] Knockpinefloors Furballspirouette Behindthecornbroom Cashmerescarf Thesmellofmothballs Inourkiss Grebecolony Thewarningbeeps Ofporttrucks Treeornaments Theangelfrommychildhood Missing'awing' LonelyWinter ATELEPHONEwire Connectsthestars Bonfire! Thedistancebetweenme Andaghoststory Perseids Awishforallthose Whocandolittleelse? Clearingsky Asalmonfallsback Intheroar Harvestmoon Together,wesway Throughthebarley [Windchimes] Thespruceintwotones Ofautumnlight Youarehere? Onthetrailsidemap Arestingmonarch? Iliftmyfoot Theworldturns Autumnleaves Lastoftheharvest Thescarecrowsstake Amongthestubble Cool,bench Thecallofgeese Behindme Autumnevening [ Voicesofchildren] Trailingaway Foreststream Lookingforskippingstones Oncemore,inmylife Bluehourmoment Betweendarknessandlight Meadowlarks Fireflies [Aprayercircle] Joinshands Summernight Hissisterandi Suddenly,alone Again,Iamthelasttoknowriptide ' Averygoodyear Thefruitflyinmywine Isbeyondsaving? Rain Theyellowsmell Ofquinces Humidbreeze Thescentofbasil Onherfingertips Streetlamps Theslowmigration Ofasnail Onefoot Onthemountain Thentheother Winterevening Anunbought,Broche Underglass Snowypath Earlyfootprints Tothehottub Morningwalk Sundogs Frozeninthesky Coldsundayafternoon Allthevarieties Ofwindswepthair Myworldspun Onrollerskates FirstKiss Colorcoding Mytodolist Springmorning Sunsoakedchrysalis The'Effort' Noonesees Butterfly Mybra Toosmall thesistersbraid Eachother'sstories Strawberryfields Hisfirstsmile [Caskins]Curveacross Abrook Fowhorns [Screatingthehours] Ofmyin'somnia Tryingtolisten Asifididn'tknowhim [Windthrough]Thetrees Mallardsflyaway Darkershadesofautumn Returntotheriver Allsoulsday Rosewoodorpine Dadsstilldead Amanda Ofpineneedles Yesterday'srain Novembercold Thevendingmachine Returns:mycoins Acrossthefaceofachalkhorserookfacesrook ' Snowyowl Thenoonslicingpathways Throughthewoods Accumulationsnow Timetogether Shewontremember Shapeofhersleep Onthedownpillow Snowymorning Autumnheat Thecalfroperknocks Dustfromhislasso Comingoutoftheseawhationcewas ' Onepartloneliness Onepartboredom Waningcrescent Forbetterorforworse Ourlightsanddarks Tumbling'together Shavescurl Fromthesharpener Applesmell Spacestation Dropping'behind' Thehorsechestnuttrees Splitwheatsack Asteadytrickle Ofsparrows Deepautumn (acopperheadcrooked) Onthesidewalksedge Iaddchemo Tothecalendar Newmoon Asliverofmoon Theoldbluesman Breaks'astring' BABYINGHARD:' Alinein'thesand Drawnbythetide Thepaperrustle Ofeucalyptus Still,norain Longwalk Theslumboys'Statet' Thedistantstars Hergoldenretriever [licks] Therapist Sockpuppets Myson'replays Lastnight'sargument Daybreak MOUNTAIN OF THE FOREST Inthelongcallofathrush Streed,mornings,unlight Copperbutterfliesskimming Plantain'andclover Ivoringmylastbreath Thenarrowtrailto Afamiliarmountain Darkeningsky Therivergivesnoreason Foritssong Labyrinthwalk Thereliablecooingof 'Praying'doves Neveryounger Thannow Istalemon? Medicineball Westandcloser Thisyear (Kneehighgrass) [abisonsslowrise] Fromthewallow Asmuchforever Aswevegot Theheartofsummer Clarityofrocks Intherivershallows Sunonmyback Tangofsalt Thepeaksofmountains Withchinesenames Inonethenanother Ofthekousadogwoods Theflashoffireflies Thetaste Ofthelastword Summertheatre Forest by the lake Fish, hide! Behind the trees Marklovesmaryforever Erased by high tide Forever Above the clouds Traveling backwards Through time Rush hour I enter In third person Company picnic A young boy stays near His father's legs Open drawbridge A brown pelican Goes through first Butterfly I remember Nothing Storm Cliffs The remains of a fish In a stone Speckled egg The sunlight On my thoughts Sugar Moon Rising Ourfirstgrandchildexpecting A child of her own Ink stains On the calligrapher's socks Cherry blossoms Rain running Off our waterproofs The cormorant pair Onelane Bridge We give way To the scent of thyme Unknown birdsong I wander deeper In the forest Bromeliads An extinct woodpecker appears on film Scaling fish Dad calls mom His mermaid Taki bar A part of me feels Right at home Wintersolstice Isuckthebones? Ofacarp Longestnight? Balancinghiswords Inabrushstroke Sundance Slidesin'tohisemptysandals Anotherwinter Christmas Night Thissuddendesireto Look,atthesky Yearsend Thespotirevisited Withinme icicles Keepingtime Untiltheend Squareantiabortionsigns Dryleavescurl Intheshadows Myfather'slife Undercommunism Cleaningtheoillamp Obsolete'shelter [Miractatoesserved] Withanicecreamscoop Isitmentalillness Thewinterrose Perfectlystill Fathersdementia Thepaththatrainmakes ThroughaCloud Sundance Intheopengrave Ahandfulofearth Funeraldrinks Mycousinandi Exchangepromises Aftertaps Thatheavysilence Thenthekeening Canyonwall Aspringsunsetdrawsup Theeveningshade Blisswind ABlackswanflaps It'sclippedwings Frogatdawn Agrating'of'finger'root' Fortheoatmeal Memorialday Cutflowers Intheirprime Spirituationmound Theearth Givesalittle Greatblueheron Outofthemorningmist Intuneitself Whitewaterrafting'theriverin'myeyes' ' New bathing suits Filling the boat With laughter Night fishing All we imagine Still out there Outofthedepthsofthemountainbluebird ' The neighborhood Where I would live Climbing roses (ASquiggleofskinks)upthewallsunrise ' Slugs Boundlesswandering Inthelettucebed A dry creek bed Ghost limbs Of the cottonwoods Cold summer One suitcase circling Bagging claim New turtle nest Ship lights fade In sunrise Allthelongdaythebusinessofbees ' The sun high Over the chaparral Soaring redtails Through the camera's eye Gleaming The elephant's eye In my palms The Bullfrog's heartbeat Deepen's summer Summer rain A dog and cat Share the doghouse Evening hail The tap taps of brake lights Past the exit Bottom rung Devil's paintbrush Rubs at my heels Elniodustcolorsthedyingbee ' Enough nest A bowerbird dancing with A blue stick Pink blossoms Open ears collecting The sound of bees Supple irises A butterfly returns To the same stone Fern Glen We find the creek By its song In a manger Of fiddleheads A fawn Earth's rotation A dandelion casts A shadow Crime scene A butterfly pauses With me Star Jasmine There's no right way To die Sign of summer A street child frees An old newspaper kite Winter pine Eight needles Fill the moon! An eagle It's shadow Sculpted in the sea Within the mud And muck of winter Eagle song Morning icicles The time it takes For the dog to pee Tomba juice Probation of tin Cabin fever Open grave Sometimes silence Says it all A week after the funeral The hotel's request For feedback Walden Pond Where the cabin once stood Deer tick warning Outside Using our inside voices Monarch Sanctuary Dappled Moonlight Fawns all but disappear Undercover the cedar Winter night Too cold to hold The Star Chart icicles A thread of light From the street lamp A sheet of ice Clingstoa,blackalderslimb The unpaired mallards Snow melt Small carcasses Freezed in place Plum blossoms Making the most Of a new religion Drizzling rain My reflection In the hearse Daybreak Afarmertapsthegooseshead On the way to the barn With a pink crayon She points the way Cherry petals Below the rapids The river Disentangles November morning The barn's shadow meets Thefrostlineinthemeadow Peeling clapboards A snow flake settles On the pink flamingo Rising breath Gran reaches for branches With snowladen cones Ice Storm Bishop takes knight By candlelight Solstice The darkness Of the wind Cold dawn The old Ford turns over Once Christmas Eve Brand new seed In the feeder Snowed in After the pia, colada Dreaming in color An owls Daytime hoots Lunar eclipse Winter stars Prayer candles burn In an empty church Supermoon My son changes into Pajamas with a cape Ancient temple The guide's voice lost Amid selfie clicks Demolished houses A crickets song Somewhere Moon in the pines I lather what's left Of the soap Swing Bridge Raindrops hang On the tips of ferns Evening fog Antler's ghosting through The coulee Sunset Debating Rothkos? Use of red Taking down The Lost Cat Flyers First, frost Wild Horse Muster Steaming flanks In a biting frost Night wind A freight trains horn Blows through my dream Summer Storm A clothespin bag, Bobs On the line Low tide seaweed Wideon and Barrowhead Dine separately Hospice She asks me to bring back A shell from the sea The scent of fruit Past ripening Dusk light Perseid shower The scent of Tamarack On the campfire Dying Moon! The arc of a bush moth In the light August heat Cracked dirt in the shape Of a puddle Blissed thumb The corn, a little sweeter This year Venus rising I linger a little longer In the hot tub Lake Sunset A blackbird's call Wobbles the cattails Solstice rain The day begins and ends With Juncos A wrens small talk After the clamour of corellas ' Wrangling the garden At what age did I learn? Towalkbetweentherows The search For pop bottles A long afternoon Solitude The night deepens With every firefly Summer Storm Circus elephants, lean In the thunder Low tide Barnacles armored "Against the air Sunrise A generation of fruit Flies Purple lillypillys The garden hose drips In twilight Her fairy tale In first person Spring rain Turbulous stream The water moves The ripples stay Egg moon The emus contours Engraved in stone With each hop Of the waterline crow A lifting of teal Cut flowers A child asks If they bleed Spring Butterfly The little boy's shadow First to reach it A paper cross For the dead butterfly Takes flight Rated jonquils The old cemetery With her baby's grave Redwing's return The smell of grass In the rain Mother's Day One of the orchids Reblooming Another winter The welcome mat Wretched thin Winter Zoo A gorilla turns It's back to the crowd Whispering wind The salty tongue Of my snow boot Winter's last rain The scent of skunk In my eyes The sound Of meltwater Wood frogs Open cage Thebreastfeatherleftbehind Flutters Spring, equinox Scraping off the shovel With the hoe Frosted furrows An old mares whinny Silvers the air Malformed bunting It's shadow Still black Clouds fringed with rain The pony's pregnant belly Brush's sweet clover Winter solstice One egg short Of a pudding A quart of oil For the journey Christmas Eve North Woods A fir deep in each [Standard] Winter concert The way the Mallets strike The Xylophone Orange Marmalade The last time, Mother Know my name midnight Nobody's name To whisper My grandpas house So many love stories Walled in here Quiet night The cookie jar's marble lid Opening Venus overhead Wolf tracks crisscross In the snow The thumbprint Of tollund, man Deep winter Fog in the Redwoods The jazz station cuts out Near the summit Under the red leaves The rungs of the fish ladder Silvered by Salmon Tattered basketball net Clinging to a rusted rim My childhood home Single mother Rocking her baby Rocking herself Cathedral at night An electron circles The nucleus Gibbou's moon My ear on the curve Of her belly Button Jar All he knows Of Grandma Learning to weave One breath between us The long night Harvest Moon Rising The smell Of his new jaguar After rain The yellow of gorse The black of slate Small town The only light Is red? Returning home After living abroad The smell of thyme Old barn The scent of jerseys And bailer, twine First chill I wonder about Yesterday's bee Traded For Persimmons Acupuncture A harrier low Over the silverblues Of the evening, marshes Harbour Quay The sound of a tugboat? Wrapped in fog As if this sky We'ren't sky enough Indigo bunting The sky On a morning lake That perfect lotus Moorland Path The sun mining Foxglove scent Today's forecast Cloudy with a chance Of Jalapenos Sundown Stomaching the oyster Juice and all A wing In each world Thestingraybreaksthesurface Chigger bites My finger traces The Wilderness Map At the cemetery By moonlighttalking With shadows Walking at night My imagination Follows me home Watertower shadow Expoking A small town's loneliness It begins A galaxy of dust motes In the projector's beam The dinosaur museum I have to be there For the grandchildren "Torrents" Urchinscheertheirpaperboats In the gutter Early Our wedding rings One inside the other Home alone I enter the crawl space Of a younger self Clear sky A Bouncy castle Inflating Barefoot The bride wrings seawater Out of her train Boatside ripples In the summer sunset Minnow's rising Outgoing tide The little portion A shell retains The pot drips What's in it? Christmas morning Hospital room The potted plant Drops its leaves Snuffed out candles The lingering scent Of her life A barn owl banks Over golden meadow grass The morning star Falling snow The dark curve Of a red fox's tail Cold sun The rollershutter dawn Of factory workers Heart of winter A sunbeam on the mat Below the letterbox Garden Buddha The subtle blue sound Of snowflakes Her origami bird I learn By unfolding Foot of the mountain Holding the stone Holding its story A glimmer On the sharpened ulu Hunter's Moon Crow's cawing We add a little bourbon To the pecan pie Thanksgiving More stuffing pokes out Of the sofa One more, Doctor Enters the room Autumn snow Crab spider A frost moon dangles Out of reach December dawn The white birch is the first To catch its light Longest winter night The owl didn't return To the nest Silent night, a distorted world On the buskers, sax ' Girdled maple Autumn already In its leaves Mountain fog A gathering fugue Of wind and pine No need To leave the comfort zone Harvest Moon Leaves rustling There goes that Crick in my knee Early autumn Tasseled grasses Dust the air Forcated retirement The creases in his pants Fade away Late September A sudden rain Rushes the dusk A modest headstone Theteacherwhomarked'me Present One by one The fog releases Streetlights Autumn, dusk Purple daisies Wrapping up? God of Abraham Walking rain In the sunflowers Stillness The sound of dusk Washing ashore? driftwood The knothole catches A drop of rain loggerheads Lace trails tatted In the sand Overgrown pasture We follow a deer trail To the apple tree Bare soles On cold blacktop [Jackal Moon] Glow of light From the hilltop hut Shooting star Fairground music A yellowlegged gull Rides the wind Ferry gift shop All the tourist mugs Gently clinking Short summer A swim suit Freezed to the porch rail Dozy afternoon The banglesellers call The length of an alley First of summer The seductive label Of a new wine Little black dress I squeeze her lipstick In my cummerbund Happy hour outdoors The complimentary Sunset Waterfront caf Incomingtidethroughplanks Under our feet Gathering the night Around itself Whippoorwill Stargazing My fingers Haking sand Buzzing, neon The way he talks About New York? Withered fields The pulsing of A lone glow worm Above the clamor Of starlings Star stream Old Pond ice Stirred by spring wind Osprey feathers Morning drizzle Thecrescentofdrypavement Under the pinecone Waxing moon! First star flowers Unfurl Walpurgisnacht A nuthatch enters The Scots Pine New neighbors Dandelion Seeds Flying over my fence May Birdsong Hidden among Last year's cattails Simmering heat The satin bowerbird Tends his blue dcor Overnight showers A stray dog sipping The sunshine The long throat Of a pitcher plant Song of a Lost Bee First snow A stranger at My parent's grave Wrapped in headlines Once a year, our angel Comes out of hiding Holiday cleanup Putting the last spoon? To rest Just for a moment Sun On the cut flowers Here for me On a winter night The kitchen chair A bat Slips into a crack Orion rising Blizard! The last toothpick tops The Tower Fox tracks Who was I before? I was tamed Contrails Above Brown Hills Places I've never been In the deep hollows Yellow leaves Lonely Tarpcovered yacht The longer shadows Of a fake owl The sea With the final say Widows walk In the curves Of an alto sax Amazing grace Thinking about how? Language is made The cold crows Leaf raking The Swishswish Of Corduroy Mars landing The crunch of dry leaves To her doorstep Only one small Darth Vader I start on the milky ways The depth of the lake Still in question Autumn chill First autumn evening At my daughter's grave Our shadows Closing my eyes To find it Cricket's song Sphagnum, Moss The secret to Where fog lives? Lunar eclipse A silverfish Inside the Ephemeris Behindme Theyears Dying sunflowers A cool mist rises Fromtheoldhorsesback The last tourist leaves Tree stump An ant scurries across Three wars Ships log The marginalia Tinged with salt Blood moon! Once again, I check My baby's pulse Clanging cymbals The Rooster joins The worship A frayed rope Hanging from a tree limb Midday heat Fire watch The first pulses Of the pager At dusk A sailboat practices Coming about? Contract negotiations The summer we spent [[interies Fossile shells Inside a crumbling rock Long summer rain Evening breeze Ruffling thoughts of her Reechoes of the Erhu Still, Hummingbird As if summer Is forever Evening swallows The last green of summer Rolled up in bales Sundance on water Vowels In the syllables of birds Smell of wind A lizard steps out Of its old skin Fish market The smell of old sails On his coat Leaveing'theirechoesringing' Woodpecker's debugging Boards in the barn The splash Our anchor Splitting stars Sea Cave The thoughts I keep Incoming back Incoming tide The lullabies, my mother Learned from her mother From the ocean Tohermoat A bucket mostly spilled Those evenings Whenripenessisjustreaching The pits of plums Young Osprey How to land softly? With a trout Clear stream The one steppingstone Under water No details About the procedure Quiet rain In whichever? Direction the call To prayer Lake Mist The smudged reflections Of pines Spring, Hague A forsythias Clarity Rainy road trip The Widows metronome State to state Manzanar A butterfly's wing Under the millstone Blue Hour A door opens To my past Goldfinch Shaking off? The night Spring morning I wake The butterfly Starlightwheretheyfellsoftbodiesofbogongmoths ' Smell of apples Feel of the paring blade Between my fingers Morning sun Stroking its warmth Through the old dog's fur Election fever My preschooler inks his Index finger Indian summer The bright green Of wet paint Coldwindstherecedingtempoofrain ' Crow, feather Before, dusk The feel of dusk The hourglass Runs faster now An eyelash moon A mist Slippingthrough'themorningwoods' Coyote Morning sky Stars become Starlings Now retired His pride measured In asparagus Sweltering heat Plop after plop of tomatoes Tried into buckets Rustling leaves Fear as old as The forest itself Numberless stars Alongsticktokeep Thecampfiregoing Just before dawn Pleiades opens the sky The Warbler's melody Evening calm A trout glides through a bay Of spent caddis nymphs Schools back Yabbies escape The purging bucket Popcorn clouds A little girl sings Her abcs Wild horses Shadows of wind In the floating dust Evening walk Even the clouds Are dog shaped? Dry spell Stars sink deeper In the well Trailer park Never enough shade For the chained dogs Sandstorm A gecko [licks its eye] Distinct thunder Names of our ancestors Sink back into stone Ghost town I walk through All the open doors Painted Cliffs Echo the old ways Coiled snake [shots of tequila] Bat voices Mapping the night Light rain The smell of air When the lightning strikes Stormwater Gods throw out! Their old furniture Field of poppies A few Tall ones The beginning Of my imagination Summer solstice Last day of school A wisteria pod Burst's open I tell him first About seeing the eagle? Father's Day Trail Spur Tendrils of Wisteria And cigarette smoke Cloud of noseeums Bluegills Tease the bobber The sheen Of her pearl earring Summer Moon Linging twilight I tuck a jasmine garland In my braid Summer breeze Now and then Mother's fragrance Picasso I see different wife My in a way Birch bark Disastering in the wind Spring break This greening mist Thewinterburnedazaleastudded With Vermillion flowers Perhaps? There is a heaven Cherry blossoms Metro station Awistfulfaceatthewindow In the moving train First light My dream mother opens Her blue eyes Lilac, dusk Ibring'hometheflowergirls' Smile A weed in my hand Magic in yours Dandelion Swarms of butterflies Crossing the border? Rumors of war The overwhelming Responsibility Day, Lily Wishing Fountain Most thoughts Still a penny Snow dust Covers the garden [whispered] Prayers The wicks sizzle Before the flame steadies First birthday alone Clink of condiments In the refrigerator door Sleeting rain First, Bach After his death The silences Skiing I think of the ants Under the snow Slighting plastic bag Failed To become a cloud April Snow Wish I knew more About Grandpa Morning light Part of a Robin's egg Catches the wind Fern Spores His choice to return To where he was born A house fly Until I open The window Smell of pesto A lorikeet scatters Birdseed Theeastcoaststormin'hervoice ' Sunset The click of cicadas Downshifts Call of the red deer stag Mist gathers Under the great bear Full moon All the places You could be Autumn, Equinox Measurement nightfall Pumpkin by Pumpkin Hermit, Thrush The last of a sun patch Slips off a birch Dark phase Of the moon I go incognito Dinning sun A bittern blends In the reeds Fallleafscentofunsippedwhiskey ' With someone Who understands? Wind in the alders Smell of rain A partridge drums From a dry stone wall Geese honking I left home To find home Pioneer Cemetery Here and there a name Faces Heavenward Part maggot Part bone Part prayer The suspended hoof Of the ragman's horse Stopped Time How long? A thousand years is Pine needles in wind Getting it right? The first time The moon River mouth The incoming tide Takes it all back Time lapse photography I too Am a leaf? As always That'swherethestory'begins Wild mustard The barn painted One shade lighter Than the wind First day of May The woodchuck's cheek Full of flowers Hare Moon A Cooper's Hawk Decide's to stay Dead wood Tiny copperheads Coil in the sunshine The bee inside The fly outside [ windowbumping] Troople lily More baroque Than jazz Memorial Day The nonagenarians Crisp salute Bikers laying wreaths On soldier's graves First snow Christmas visit The dog just Rolls with it Lamplit dust An ants path Across the psalms Blizard! Another trip To the game closet Ballon animals The kids tether them To my wrists Ancient ghetto In the bakery windows Sunlit, Challah His memorial More than my share Of cherry pie No one's footsteps Left to follow Late winter rain Outdoor market I linger in the shade With sea cucumbers Near evening Willow shadows return To the river Third day of rain The sofa out of place An inch Even on calm days Thesecoastaltreesremember Which winds prevail? Leaning into An Achilles stretch Autumn deepens A windless skin, Amnesia ' Smell of the hills When all you can see? Are their outlines? Starlight or hoarfrost? Which magic to believe? ' All but two Close their eyes Evening prayer Emergency room Pieces of autumn leaves Litch the floor First snow My children shed 20 years First Christmas Unregelous baby footprints On newly fallen snow Predawn coffee The smell of Cedar On my wool shirt Finchling In the autumn sun Dogwood leaves Pea soup fog The slosh Of a paddle wheeler "Dancing Moon" The slickeddown reeds Of a muskrat slide Orange sun An Eagles talon [Drops River] Hazy Harvest Moon Leaves floating Where others sank? Darkness Beyond the porch light The chatter of coyotes Winds kickin up I make small talk With the locals Heather blooms A house Martin lingers Above the bog The hounds At the end of their tethers Hunter's Moon Deep night A dog sniffs The moonlit toad One of us From a strange world Dragonfly A small cabin The moon Gets into everything The things I think I can't do without Lunar eclipse Birthday A gathering of moths On my paisley shawl Labor Day The sixth graders Worry lines Unafraid Of what comes next? Cicada shells Super Moon! The pencil Pointless Silence The monarchs I remember Rain at dusk The slanted scent Of baking apples Adopted She wonders where The waves come from The last star In the morning light Nightblooming, Cereus A crow perches On the sundials, gnomon Thunderclouds Dark corners Of a beet field The pelting rain He clings to the memory Of his old fallen barn Wild cucumber Long summer The whiskey glass full Of midnights We walk the path That others made Dune grass First, tuft Of milkweed fluff A wish for more summer End of summer The sparrows songs All vespers Making it's way Around the sundial Moon shadow Fresh azure sky The lark Accompling Sine wave A purple finch Does the math? Cooling shade Cedarwaxwingsflyinandout Of the honeysuckle Mimosa flowers Drifting in the breeze Notwantingmybooktoend The little shift In the blue Jay's song Accepting my age Self portrait The summer dress I wore out Ancient songs An elder's sweat Rolls off the boneflute [Brackish Pond] Just a hint of the bullhead In the blackness Wet mud shines Wherethegrasshopperwas? My vow of silence A fish soars Impaledonospreytalons The soft blue sky His dog asleep On the empty side Third deployment Simmering heat Two rams, spark horns At the water trough Opium poppies Droop with yellow dust Wind from the Gobi Searing heat The glint of a plow blade Resurfacing from the soil Barber shop Only one fish left In the aquarium Suns embers The rustfangled workings Of the old mine High country Pairs of Kangaroo ears Pin down the sky Telephone poles The long, straight road Through clearcut New white shirt The outline Of my sunburn They stomp off Flipflops Having a dialogue? Lowhanging fog A line of surfers waits For the next wave Storm clouds building Reenactors gather For an understood outcome June Moon A hallmark card that says Just what I mean A glass bowl Of river stones Model home Flowers that fell Fromweddingbouquets Path through the woods From the lip of a lily A grasshopper leaps In summer Old Pond The church bell deepens Within me Nodding to The rhythm of the breeze Wildlantanas Caterpillar Winding up the thread Of summer Wild flower I breathe my Lonelyse Gathering light Shrimping boats stir The salted mist Rainy season Time slows down On a banana slug trail Stringing memories Now I fly the kite For Father Long train journey Ababyboytalkstohisbrother In his own language Foraslongasicanremembersoapbubbles ' Shifting mist A rocky outcrop Of Wallabies Trau'sse A Robin's egg On cobble stones Rain beads The scent of her Absence With each pull of oar Tadpoles scatter From the Lily pads In the two inches provided The carbound dog Sniffs the world Sleet snaps At the window He pats the lettuce dry Curlews, wade Theemptyingcreeksandchannels Winter twilight Fermats last theorem A jar of buttons In a hoarder's garage Word war A spider weaving By the fire Drawing A pailfull of darkness Village well At the risk Of a relapse Plum blossoms Early spring Not enough sun To move the snake [ Catswithotherplanszengarden] ' Tracking The scent of Fox Follows me Eyeglow Of the raccoon clan Spring constellations Black Tarmac That instant Before the snowflake melts Christmas morning The blue eye Of the rockinghorse Church nave The solemnity of Handhewn beams First Dream A small bird calls My secret name Eye exam In the dark, he compliments My retinas Moonrise An owl swoops up Something Long tunnel Commutators, look away From themselves Attherootofallthenothingness ' Glass tabletop A fingerprint On a fingerprint Backstage tour (aclownwipesawaythesmile On my son's face Plastic bags Shine in the sun Osprey's nest Still waters A thousand scoters Wing to Wing Returning Geese? I add a leaf To the table How to spell? The nuthatchs call Delivery truck in reverse Stillunpackingapairofwrensinthelonggrass ' Honeybee's sway On the snowdrops One of her good days Mallard's swim In the aqueduct He's family now Rumble of the train Taking me farther From frog songs Wind, Chimes The sound of winter Piercing my bones Snowflakes A frogshaped stone By the pond Coffee art I postpone The first sip Valentine's Day The heat In the fajita Snowmelt Theshapesoflastyearsleaves Leached into the concrete Ash Wednesday The stamp on my hand From last night Staple glass The way Christ responds To march sunlight Spring thaw Another tine Of the antler Concertina echoes The gnarled trunk Of an olive tree Robin "Against the blue sky" My retirement plan "Dancing slips away" The warm shadow within The Thanksgiving turkey Exploding In our happy faces Giant snowflakes Another exception To the rule Dryed persimmons Long night The fine print Of contraindications Christmas train Traveling with? The child within Another year The odds and ends Of her crazy quilt My thoughts, too Have lost their foliage Winter night Russian birches Tracks of trotting turkeys In the snow Winter squall The bittersweet Fills with starlings Sleepless night Learning the shape Of darkness The slow progress Of the search boats Egret's taking wing Smellofripeappleswheniwouldpracticehowtofly ' Autumn, dusk The orange underbelly Of a slug Lightning Oak A screech owls nest In the breach Indian summer The woodpecker pauses To sing Without A sound Killing frost? First kisses Briarbudsandskunkcabbage Closing their frost Falled maple leaves Flatten in the rain Cries of southbound Geese Fresh linen My son becomes A ghost Dead wood The ministry Of wind Nightfall A waft of frangipani By the pool Hooded, Mersener I hold my breath Betweeneachdive Small craft warning A light chop In the birdbath Cumulonimbus Time to harvest The cauliflower Cemetery, visit Vine's overtake The silk flowers [huskingcornshetalksofoldlovers] ' Slicing red bell pepper The green heartbead Tumbles out Seeds of bulrushes A harrier trails Mist from the Marsh Almostautumnthehumofsunflowers ' A wren cowled In spider silk Autumn morning A turtle tries The strawberry bed Egg moon Field of daisies The white spots On the fawns rump War games Aboyweighsthebantamsegg In his palm Allthesilenceofwhitecrosses ' Behind bars The sun's glow In butterfly wings Summer morning A garden lizard drinks The dewdrop on a leaf Unborn child A veined sea pebble In her hand Ripening plums The patience I never quite Got the hang of Penny On the railroad tracks Summer Doldrums Salt pans The railway line Disappeared into sky Snowmelt A song I haven't heard in ages Erasing The long winter Hyacinths Women's Day I teach the nanny To sign her name Tying my sweater Around my waist Spring, equinox Mud Spring scent Softener Sunlit canvas He unfolds a rabbit From the spring sky Vernal pool Just for a moment I understand Sun shower Wanting to hear the voices? Of the blooming things The brown calf Breaks into a trot Spring breeze Third trimester The mother duck and I Both waddle Winter night The big dipper [Glauths] Darkness Learning who? Not to listen to Snowy Mountains Our reflections Inthewatchmakerswindow Winter stars Skylight Moon My unspoken need For boundaries Paragraph After paragraph Winter fly The peanut butter sandwich? Left unmade Snow Day Mild winter day A jogger's ponytail Bob's up and down Winter melt Reading the snowmans Body language Winterrainthesmoothnessofakidneybean ' A change On my mammogram Snow Moon Annual cull The deer races It's shadow Once'amilltown'only'mother'herenow' ' owing money My hands smell Of old pennies Winter rain Aglimpseofunpaintedwall Behind a radiator Low battery Iholdon'toherfading'voice 'Stupidly longer Snowfalling'throughthenight'acrow's'whitethroat' ' Digging'out'afterthe'Bizzard' [acrowsvoicemerges] With the creaking pine Ice Storm ended The height of a short man's Slam Dunk Hunger The metallic taste Of winter wind Penal pine The last of the sun Angles away Dying stars Stones on the beach Wet with Dew His promised Return Paper airplane escorting A dead dragonfly 100 undertakers Grain of the wood Their conversation At the viewing Deep fog A sax returns the call Of a tug horn Smell of applewood Porch bellies In the smokehouse Eagle Cloud The mistral's breath In my bones Eagle sighting The passing trucker and I Share a thumbsup First, frost Thescentofcoffeereaching A little further The randomness Of where things fall Red Maples The smell of sweat Here comes The collection plate Muggy evening The whine Of the battery charger Fireflies The sparking thoughts Of an insomniac The longest drought A coyote nuzzles The Jimson Wweeds Rain at last I ask the piano salesman To riff a little bach Wing beats Of a pelican Oursailscatchthebreeze I open my eyes From dreams to daydreams Whirligig beetle A pigeon Cooing circles on the dock End of summer Evening dusk The clang of pots and pans Through a marriage Billiard Balls On worn felt The rain Summer evening Dusk falling Through the skylight Rice field All these extra prayers Becoming stars An undertone To the orchid's scent Somewhere a clock Coconut Grove Leaf blades, comb The moonlight Alpine Lake Mybreaststrokesshiningarc Toward sunrise Spruce Woods Fireweed filling The vacancy Corrugated sun Chilies and laundry In rooftop haze Home from war We ease out The champagne corks '